verifiable:"A trip to Mar-a-Lago costs taxpayers approximately $3.6 million, according to a Government Accountability Office report."  
verifiable:How much do Donald Trump's trips to Mar-a-Lago cost?
verifiable:"The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!"  
verifiable:Trump falsely claims Obama policies to blame for growth of MS-13 gang in the U.S.
verifiable:"When Trump won, we had the lowest voter turnout in 20 years."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders wrong that voter turnout hit 20-year low in 2016
verifiable:On whether NATO is "obsolete."  
verifiable: Donald Trump changes NATO position: 'It's no longer obsolete'
verifiable:The Obama administration’s 2013 Syria proposal "had no clear objective," while Trump’s Syria strike "had a clear strategic objective."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Syria strike looks a lot like Barack Obama's plan, despite what Rubio, others say
verifiable:Before the presidential campaign, "I didn't know Steve (Bannon)."  
verifiable: Did he or didn’t he? Trump contradicts himself on whether he knew Steve Bannon
verifiable:"In 2014, Mexico alone received over $24 billion in remittances sent from the U.S., while other South and Central American countries received over 15 percent of their (gross domestic product) in the form of remittances."  
verifiable:Congressman proposes new tax on remittances to pay for Trump's border wall. We checked his numbers
verifiable:Says Adolf Hitler "didn't even sink to the level of using chemical weapons. ... He was not using the gas on his own people the same way that (Bashar al-)Assad is doing."       
verifiable:Did Adolf Hitler use chemical weapons? Sean Spicer wrongly says Hitler didn't sink to that level
verifiable:"Last month, we saw a 64 percent reduction in illegal immigration on our southern border."  
verifiable:Donald Trump changes yardstick in claim about southern border apprehensions
verifiable:"We’ve seen more filibusters on judicial nominees by the Republicans under President Obama than we saw in the whole history of the United States Senate."   
verifiable:Did Senate Republicans filibuster Obama court nominees more than all others combined?
verifiable:"It is unusual" for a White House official like former National Security Adviser Susan Rice to make unmasking requests.  
verifiable:Tom Cotton: It's 'unusual' for White House officials like Susan Rice to make unmasking requests
verifiable:"I've won awards on environmental protection."  
verifiable:Trump's environmental awards: A closer look
verifiable:"The EPA director under Obama said the Clean Power Initiative would have no effect on man-made CO2 emissions. That's what she said. Go look it up."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum garbles climate change comments by Obama's EPA chief
verifiable:"There was a very large infrastructure bill that was approved during the Obama administration, a trillion dollars. Nobody ever saw anything being built."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's skewed portrayal of Obama's stimulus
verifiable:"When you look for a job, you can't find it and you give up. You are now considered statistically employed."  
verifiable:Donald Trump flubs how unemployment is calculated
verifiable:"Apprehension rates at the southern border have plummeted since the 1980s, and apprehensions of Mexicans specifically have reached their lowest point in nearly half a century."     
verifiable:Mostly True: Rep. Conyers' claim about border apprehensions down since 1980s
verifiable:"215 members of Congress just voted to let your ISP spy on what type of underwear you buy and sell that data to advertisers."   
verifiable:Congress let Internet providers 'spy on' your underwear purchases, advocacy group says
verifiable:"Just last May, the Department of Justice inspector general found that these (‘sanctuary city’) policies also violate federal law."       
verifiable:Jeff Sessions exaggerates claim about 'sanctuary' policies and violating federal law
verifiable:"In fact, if you add up the net wealth of his cabinet, it has more wealth than a third of the American people total -- close to 100 million people."       
verifiable:Does Donald Trump's cabinet collectively own more than what one-third of Americans do?
verifiable:"More than half of Planned Parenthood facilities are in rural or medically underserved areas."       
verifiable:NY Rep. Maloney: More than half Planned Parenthood clinics are in underserved areas
verifiable:"Since China joined — that’s another beauty — the WTO in 2001, the U.S. has lost many more than 60,000 factories."  
verifiable:Trump: Since China joined WTO, U.S. has lost 60,000 factories
verifiable:"The vast majority of marketplace enrollees have experienced no average premium hike at all."       
verifiable:Obama: No premium hike for 'vast majority' covered on government exchanges
verifiable:Says President Donald Trump’s proposal to allow Americans to buy health insurance across state lines would make it the same as "the way you buy car insurance" today.  
verifiable:Discussing health care, Mike Pence is wrong about how car insurance works
verifiable:Says Paul Manafort "played a very limited role" in the Trump presidential campaign.  
verifiable:Sean Spicer’s False claim that Paul Manafort played a minor role in the Trump campaign
verifiable:"In year No. 1, 14 million Americans lose coverage," according to the CBO.   
verifiable:House GOP health care bill would cause 14 million to lose insurance next year, says Chris Murphy
verifiable:"Since the day of my election, we've already cut illegal immigration at the southern border by 61 percent."  
verifiable:Trump says illegal immigration at southern border is down 61 percent since Election Day
verifiable:Wealthy foreigners can obtain visas through a special program, but only a small number "invest in true high-unemployment areas. Almost every other EB-5 project uses gerrymandering to qualify as distressed."  
verifiable:Mostly True: Leahy claim on immigrant investment through EB-5 program
verifiable:"There's no demonstrable evidence they (after-school programs that feed kids) are helping kids do better at school."       
verifiable:WH budget chief wrongly claims afterschool programs don't work
verifiable:"In recent years ... the Obama administration was committed to the notion, against all evidence, that we could reset relations with Putin."  
verifiable:Devin Nunes oversimplifies timeline of Obama 'reset' with Russia
verifiable:"The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process."  
verifiable:Trump's False tweet that NSA, FBI said 'Russia did not influence electoral process'
verifiable:"Germany owes ... vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!"  
verifiable:Fact-check: Donald Trump says Germany owes 'vast sums of money to NATO'
verifiable:Says "the New York Times wrote about" Barack Obama wiretapping Donald Trump during the election.   
verifiable:Donald Trump says he learned Obama tapped his phones from the New York Times
verifiable:"2009-2010, let's remember, hundreds of Republican amendments were adopted in the ACA."  
verifiable:Gutierrez says 'hundreds of Republican amendments' were a part of Obamacare
verifiable:The House Republican health care "plan doesn't get rid of Medicaid expansion."  
verifiable:Mick Mulvaney's misleading claim that House GOP health care plan keeps Medicaid expansion
verifiable:"In the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent."  
verifiable:Donald Trump trumpets 40 percent decrease in illegal border crossings. Is he right?
verifiable:"According to the FBI, Mexican drug cartels are working with 100,000 street gang members in Chicago alone."  
verifiable:Are Mexican drug cartels working with 100,000 street gang members in Chicago?
verifiable:"One-third of the counties — think of it, one-third — only have one insurer left" on the Affordable Care Act exchanges.  
verifiable:Donald Trump: One-third of counties have only one insurer on Affordable Care Act exchanges
verifiable:"The number of individuals who actually got coverage through the exchange who didn't have coverage before, or who weren't eligible for Medicaid before is relatively small. So we've turned things upside down completely for 3 million, or 4 million, or 5 million individuals."  
verifiable:Tom Price undercounts Obamacare impact on getting more Americans insured
verifiable:"If the CBO was right about Obamacare to begin with, there'd be 8 million more people on Obamacare today than there actually are. … Sometimes we ask them to do stuff that they're not capable of doing."  
verifiable:Fact-checking White House criticism of CBO health care analysis
verifiable:The Obama administration said "they were going to be able to drive folks away from one of the most expensive areas for the provision of health care, and that is the emergency rooms. In fact, they did just the opposite."  
verifiable:HHS chief Tom Price mostly correct that ER use is up since Obamacare
verifiable:Carbon dioxide is not "a primary contributor to the global warming that we see."  
verifiable:EPA head Scott Pruitt says carbon dioxide is not 'primary contributor' to global warming
verifiable:The GOP health care plan gives "$275 billion in tax breaks for the top 2 percent, people earning $250,000 a year or more."       
verifiable:Sanders: GOP health care plan gives wealthiest a $275 billion tax break
verifiable:Under the Affordable Care Act, "some people were gaming the system" by paying "for nine months of insurance, get 12 -- the other three for free."  
verifiable:Are Americans gaming the system to get cheaper Obamacare coverage?
verifiable:Says 70 percent of benefits in Donald Trump’s proposal for child care "go to the people making over $100,000 a year."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says Donald Trump's child-care proposal mainly benefits high earners
verifiable:"122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield."  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrongly blames Barack Obama for former Guantanamo detainees returning to terrorism
verifiable:"Everybody acts like President Trump is the one that came up with this idea. ... There are multiple news outlets that have reported" former President Barack Obama ordered wiretapping on Trump.  
verifiable:Why the White House defense of Trump wiretap accusation is misleading
verifiable:"We've repealed regulations for the first time in 20 years using the Congressional Review Act -- three regulations that were going to cost the economy hundreds of millions of dollars and tens of thousands of jobs."  
verifiable:Rand Paul said repealing 3 regulations saves millions of dollars, thousands of jobs
verifiable:"I’ve been on the Armed Services (Committee) for 10 years. No call or meeting w/ Russian ambassador. Ever."  
verifiable:Claire McCaskill says she never met with Russian ambassador, past tweets say otherwise
verifiable:"According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism and terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country."  
verifiable:Trump misleads in claim about terrorism convictions since 9/11
verifiable:"Currently, when we ship products out of America, many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes — but when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them nothing or almost nothing."  
verifiable:Trump exaggerates economic burden of export tariffs in speech to Congress
verifiable:"The primary financing mechanism of the Affordable Care Act is a tax on wealthy people."       
verifiable:Taxes on wealthy pay for Obamacare? DNC's Perez overshoots
verifiable:Says his budget "calls for one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history."  
verifiable:Trump wrongly claims historic defense increase
verifiable:"Obamacare premiums nationwide have increased by double and triple digits."  
verifiable: Fact-checking Donald Trump’s claim about soaring Obamacare premiums
verifiable:Political activists are "being paid" to protest members of Congress.  
verifiable:No evidence that protesters are paid to disrupt Republican town hall meetings
verifiable:Says "Donald Trump wants to eliminate overtime pay for people."   
verifiable:Mostly False: New DNC chair Tom Perez says Donald Trump wants to eliminate overtime pay
verifiable:"The National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion."  
verifiable:Why Donald Trump's tweet about national debt decrease in his first month is highly misleading
verifiable:"If you're in Texas, you have got to drive 120 miles to get an ID."  
verifiable:In Texas, do you have to drive 120 miles for a voter ID?
verifiable:"Look at what’s happening last night in Sweden. Sweden, who would believe this? Sweden. They took in large numbers. They’re having problems like they never thought possible."  
verifiable:Donald Trump in Florida laments 'what's happening last night in Sweden.' But nothing happened
verifiable:Recent immigration raids "are not business as usual. The raids are being done indiscriminately. They’re not focused simply on criminal aliens."  
verifiable:Sen. Bob Menendez says immigration raids 'not business as usual'
verifiable:"The stock market has hit record numbers, as you know. And there has been a tremendous surge of optimism in the business world."       
verifiable:Trump hints stock market record high linked to optimism about his presidency
verifiable:The media has "a lower approval rate than Congress."       
verifiable:Is news media less trusted than Congress?
verifiable:On leaks and the release of secret information.  
verifiable:Trump's flip-flop on leaks and the release of secret information
verifiable:In the "past few weeks," President Donald Trump pointed out "Iranian violations on ballistic missile tests. By the way, these ballistic missiles are inscribed in Hebrew, ‘Israel must be destroyed.’ "  
verifiable:Benjamin Netanyahu largely correct on Iranian missiles with Hebrew-language threats
verifiable:"Before the Affordable Care Act, (West Virginia’s) uninsured rate for people 64 to 19 was 29 percent. Today, it is 9 percent."  
verifiable:West Virginia uninsured rate has declined, though not as fast as Bernie Sanders said
verifiable:"I'm calling into question the accuracy of the ruling. The district judge in Seattle said there was no indication of terrorism from these seven countries in our country."  
verifiable:Did court find no indication of terrorism from seven nations in Trump order?
verifiable:Of 1 million green cards issued a year, "almost none of those green cards are based on job skills or demonstrated economic needs."  
verifiable:Arkansas senator says of 1 million green cards issued, few are employment-based
verifiable:Israel cut its illegal immigration rate by "99 percent" by constructing a 143-mile fence along its southern border.  
verifiable:Border fence in Israel cut illegal immigration by 99 percent, GOP senator says
verifiable:Says "72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA & YEMEN."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says refugee admissions surged from 7 countries during suspension of executive order
verifiable:"This issue of busing voters in to New Hampshire is widely known by anyone who’s worked in New Hampshire politics. It’s very real, it’s very serious."  
verifiable:White House senior adviser repeats baseless claim about busing illegal voters in New Hampshire
verifiable:"While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!"  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrongly says CNN cut off Bernie Sanders for calling network 'fake news'
verifiable:Says former President Barack Obama’s Supreme Court nominations "required 60 votes."  
verifiable:Sanders said Obama's SCOTUS nominees 'required' 60 votes, but it's more complicated
verifiable:Says CNN’s Chris Cuomo "never asked" Sen. Richard Blumenthal about Blumenthal's misstatements on his own service in Vietnam.  
verifiable:Trump wrong on  Sen. Blumenthal's CNN interview and Vietnam
verifiable:"Back when Ted Cruz called Mitch McConnell a liar on the floor of the Senate floor, nobody invoked Rule 19 to censor him."  
verifiable:Senate Republicans did not use Rule 19 when Ted Cruz attacked Mitch McConnell
verifiable:"The murder rate in our country is the highest it’s been in 47 years."  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrong that murder rate is highest in 47 years
verifiable:"Smart! 'Kuwait issues its own Trump-esque visa ban for five Muslim-majority countries.' "  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrong to say Kuwait followed his lead on visa ban
verifiable:"ISIS is already using the rhetoric from the Trump administration, the text of this executive order, to incite attacks against us and to recruit more terrorists to their side."  
verifiable:No proof ISIS leaders using Donald Trump's travel ban for recruitment
verifiable:Terrorism and terrorist attacks in the United States and Europe have "gotten to a point where it's not even being reported."  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrong that media is not reporting on terrorism any more
verifiable:Says "109 people out of hundreds of thousands of travelers" were affected by the immigration executive order.  
verifiable:President Trump says 109 people were affected by travel ban. It's at least 60,000
verifiable:"Two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalized and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre. … It didn't get covered"  
verifiable:Fact-checking Kellyanne Conway on the 'Bowling Green massacre'
verifiable:"This is longest that the nation has gone without a secretary of the Treasury, at least in modern times. If it's not the longest, it's darn close to it."  
verifiable:Kellyanne Conway wrongly says this is longest the U.S. has gone without a Treasury secretary
verifiable:"About three-quarters of (Syrian refugees) are women and children. A full third of them are kids under 12 years old."  
verifiable:Most Syrian refugees are women and children, as Keith Ellison said
verifiable:"The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia."  
verifiable:Trump claims Obama made deal to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia
verifiable:Says Neil Gorsuch "comes down on the side of felons over gun safety."  
verifiable:Does Neil Gorsuch side with 'felons over gun safety,' as Pelosi says?
verifiable:"Wall Street comes out en masse with its money against House Democrats every election."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi overstates Wall Street refusal to support Democrats
verifiable:"The Taliban went after and murdered" people identified in the Chelsea Manning leaks.   
verifiable:McCain says Taliban 'murdered' people because of Chelsea Manning and WikiLeaks
verifiable:The Obama administration issued an "11th-hour rule that entrenches federal family planning funding for Planned Parenthood."  
verifiable:Joni Ernst on target describing '11th-hour' Obama rule affecting Planned Parenthood
verifiable:The language that's part of the president's National Security Council memo "is identical to the language" used by President George W. Bush in 2001 and President Barack Obama in 2009.  
verifiable:Spicer's misleading claim that Trump's National Security Council is 'identical' to Bush's, Obama's
verifiable:"Here's the fact: The No. 1 source of income into Mexico are Mexicans working here and sending the money back."  
verifiable:Kellyanne Conway incorrect that worker remittances to Mexico are 'No. 1' income flow
verifiable:"My policy is similar to what President Obama did in 2011 when he banned visas for refugees from Iraq for six months."  
verifiable:Why comparing Trump's and Obama's immigration restrictions is flawed 
verifiable:"The various people who have, in fact, committed terrorist acts in this country, from 9/11 on, none of them came from any of the seven countries that are the subject of the president's executive order."  
verifiable:No terrorist attacks post 9/11 by people from countries in Trump's travel ban?
verifiable:"If you were a Muslim, you could come in, if you were a Christian, it was impossible."  
verifiable:No evidence for Trump claim that it was 'impossible' for Syrian Christians to enter U.S.
verifiable:Says Rex "Tillerson won't divest from Exxon."  
verifiable:Chuck Schumer wrongly tweets 'Tillerson won't divest from Exxon'
verifiable:"A poll just came out on my inauguration speech. … People loved it. Loved and liked."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's inaugural speech polled well, but not as well as predecessors'
verifiable:Says ICE and border patrol officers "unanimously endorsed me for president."  
verifiable:Donald Trump was not 'unanimously endorsed' by ICE, border patrol
verifiable:"Not one dime of the tax cut that they are going to enact with the repeal of Obamacare will go to people who make under $200,000."  
verifiable:Claire McCaskill overstates tax impacts of repealing Obamacare
verifiable:"One hundred and ninety-four countries signed the Paris Agreement to control greenhouse gases. Our own voluntary agreement to accomplish the same goal — the Under2  MOU — has 165 signatories, representing a billion people."  
verifiable:Here's what you need to know about California's climate change deal
verifiable:Say George Soros's money "went straight into the (Women’s March) protesters’ pockets."  
verifiable:Pants on Fire claim that George Soros money went to Women's March protesters
verifiable:"There's one (study) that came out of Pew in 2008 that showed 14 percent of people who voted were noncitizens."  
verifiable:Sean Spicer wrongly uses Pew study to bolster claim that non-citizens vote in large numbers
verifiable:There has been a "dramatic expansion of the federal workforce in recent years."  
verifiable:Sean Spicer's claim of a 'dramatic expansion in the federal workforce' is exaggerated
verifiable:"In 2015, homicides increased by 17 percent in America’s 50 largest cities. That’s the largest increase in 25 years."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's stat on homicide increase in major cities is solid
verifiable:"In our nation’s capital, killings have risen by 50 percent."  
verifiable:White House website says D.C. homicides climbed 50 percent, but more recent data shows they fell
verifiable:"The media ... sort of made it sound like I had a feud with the intelligence community."       
verifiable:Trump wrongly blames press for feud with intel community
verifiable:"That was the largest audience to witness an inauguration, period."  
verifiable:Donald Trump had biggest inaugural crowd ever? Metrics don't show it
verifiable:"We've made other countries rich while the wealth ... of our country has dissipated over the horizon."  
verifiable:Trump wrongly says U.S. has made others rich while our wealth has 'dissipated' 
verifiable:Thirteen Democratic senators "voted against cheaper medicines" and took millions from "big pharma since 2011."  
verifiable:Viral image about Democratic senators and 'big pharma' is misleading
verifiable:"I would imagine that there's probably a gun in the school (in Wapiti, Wyo.) to protect from potential grizzlies."  
verifiable:Education nominee Betsy DeVos says a Wyoming school might need guns to stop grizzly bears
verifiable:The inauguration of Donald Trump "will be the first one that I miss since I've been in Congress."  
verifiable:John Lewis wrong on whether he skipped an inauguration before Donald Trump's
verifiable:"By funding the authorization that’s already happened a decade ago (in the Secure Fence Act of 2006), we could start the process of meeting Mr. Trump’s campaign pledge to secure the border."  
verifiable:Rep. Luke Messer is correct, 2006 act allows the construction of a border wall
verifiable:Says Georgia’s 5th congressional district, represented by John Lewis, is "in horrible shape and falling apart (not to mention crime infested)."  
verifiable:Trump's exaggerated claim that John Lewis' district is 'falling apart' and 'crime infested' 
verifiable:"The vast majority of people that got insurance under President Obama's Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act, got it through Medicaid."  
verifiable:Medicaid expansion drove health insurance coverage under health law, Rand Paul says
verifiable:"Paying for a hotel room is not a gift or a present and it has nothing to do with an office. It's not an emolument."   
verifiable:Trump lawyer: Foreign dignitaries staying in a Trump hotel doesn't violate Constitution
verifiable:"House GOP rules package bars CBO from counting spikes in deficit spending spurred by an ACA repeal."  
verifiable:Keith Ellison wrong that CBO can't analyze cost of Obamacare repeal
verifiable:"I have never lobbied against sanctions personally... to my knowledge, Exxon never directly lobbied against sanctions.       
verifiable:Rex Tillerson misleads on Russian sanctions opposition
verifiable:"The same 3 senators who have spent the last 3 years s------- themselves over ‘Benghazi!’ just introduced a bill to reduce embassy security by 50 percent."  
verifiable:Viral post exaggerates GOP senators' bill on embassy move
verifiable:Americans don't "care at all" about Donald Trump's tax returns.  
verifiable:Trump wrong that Americans don't care about his tax returns
verifiable:The Russians "tried to hack the Republican National Committee, and they were unable to break through."   
verifiable:Trump says Russians were unable to hack the Republican National Committee
verifiable:Of Sen. Jeff Sessions, "you've objected to immigrants volunteering to serve in our armed forces, saying, 'In terms of who's going to be most likely to be a spy, somebody from Cullman, Ala., or somebody from Kenya?'"  
verifiable:Jeff Sessions objected to immigrants in armed forces, Senator Durbin says
verifiable:"About 8 out of 10 favor changing Obamacare significantly or replacing it altogether."  
verifiable:Mitch McConnell says 8 out of 10 favor changing Obamacare significantly or replacing it altogether
verifiable:Says Donald Trump campaigned on not cutting Medicare and Social Security, but his nominee for the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tom Price, "made his career on cutting Medicare and Medicaid."  
verifiable:Schumer: Trump and his HHS pick Tom Price at odds on Medicare
verifiable:Under Obamacare, "American families have seen an increase in premiums of $5,000."  
verifiable:Mike Pence says under Obamacare, 'American families have seen an increase in premiums of $5,000'
verifiable:Activities by foreign governments had "absolutely no effect on the outcome of this election."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's dubious claim that foreign governments had 'absolutely no effect' on election outcome
verifiable:"In 2009, Mitch McConnell was the person that’s saying, 'Hey, we should get all the ethics information in before we do the hearings.' "  
verifiable:Cory Booker: McConnell wanted full ethics review of Obama nominees before hearings
verifiable:"General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border."  
verifiable:Mostly True: Trump tweet about GM Chevy Cruze manufacturing
verifiable:"On Oct. 7, the Access Hollywood tape comes out. One hour later, WikiLeaks starts dropping my emails."  
verifiable:It's True: WikiLeaks dumped Podesta emails hour after Trump video surfaced
verifiable:"If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"  
verifiable:Pants on Fire! Trump tweet about White House, Russian hacking probe
verifiable:Says Rex Tillerson "sued to keep a fracking project out of his backyard."  
verifiable:Did Rex Tillerson, oil CEO and secretary of state pick, sue to keep fracking out of own backyard?
verifiable:"We had a massive landslide victory, as you know, in the Electoral College."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Electoral College victory was not a 'massive landslide'
verifiable:"There's been no conclusive or specific report to say" Russia was trying to muddy the election.  
verifiable:Reince Priebus falsely claims no conclusive report whether Russia tried to influence election
verifiable:"Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!"  
verifiable:Fact-checking Donald Trump's tweet on Air Force One, Boeing
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "won more counties than any candidate on our side since Ronald Reagan."  
verifiable:Mike Pence says Donald Trump won most counties by a Republican since Ronald Reagan
verifiable:On Donald Trump’s plan to cut federal funding to sanctuary cities, "because of a decision by the Supreme Court, no president's in a position to cut off funding across the board. It has to be very specific to the matter at hand."       
verifiable:New York City mayor says president can't defund sanctuary cities 'across the board'
verifiable:Says he "won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim that millions of illegal votes cost him popular vote victory
verifiable:"Study after study have shown that sanctuary cities do not lead to an increase in crime because of the presence of people that are undocumented."  
verifiable:Santa Fe mayor defends sanctuary cities, says studies don't show increase in crime
verifiable:"President-elect Trump's immigration policies are very similar to policies that are sitting right in the Senate and the House today to temporarily suspend immigration from countries that harbor terrorism, to temporarily suspend immigration from Syria until we get better vetting."  
verifiable:Reince Priebus says Trump, Congress have similar immigration policies
verifiable:Says John Bolton supported the Iraq War and said last year that "I still think the decision to overthrow Saddam was correct."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says John Bolton still thinks Iraq War was right decision
verifiable:"Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: 'I Was Paid $3,500 To Protest Trump's Rally.' "  
verifiable:No, someone wasn't paid $3,500 to protest Donald Trump; it's fake news
verifiable:Financial conflict-of-interest "laws don't apply to the president, right? So, the president doesn't have to have a blind trust."  
verifiable:Giuliani: President Trump will be exempt from conflict-of-interest laws
verifiable:Says there are "probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million" criminal immigrants in the country illegally.  
verifiable:Trump misleads in number of criminal immigrants illegally in country
verifiable:"The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says New York Times apologized for 'bad coverage' of him
verifiable:"The @nytimes states today that DJT believes ‘more countries should acquire nuclear weapons.’ How dishonest are they. I never said this!"  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrongly tweets that he 'never said' more countries should have nuclear weapons
verifiable:"Final election 2016 numbers: Trump won" the popular vote.  
verifiable:No, Donald Trump is not beating Hillary Clinton in the popular vote
verifiable:Says "thousands" at a Manhattan rally for Donald Trump were chanting "We hate Muslims, we hate blacks, we want our great country back."  
verifiable:No evidence to support rumors of 'We hate Muslims' chant at Trump victory rally
verifiable:"Beyonce and Jay Z, I like them, I like them ... I get bigger crowds than they do. It's true. I get far bigger crowds."  
verifiable:In closing argument, Donald Trump wrongly says he outdraws Beyonce, Jay Z
verifiable:The list of voters that North Carolina Republicans "tried to purge was two-thirds black and Democratic."  
verifiable:Obama says Republicans tried to 'purge' black Democrats from voter rolls in North Carolina
verifiable:"Nearly one in four people in their prime working years are not working."  
verifiable:Donald Trump correct that 1 in 4 working-age Americans not employed
verifiable:"Spanish was the first European language spoken in this country."  
verifiable:Tim Kaine is right, Spanish was first European language spoken in United States
verifiable:Under Donald Trump's tax plan, "51 percent of single parents would see their taxes go up."       
verifiable:Would 51% of single parents see taxes rise under Donald Trump's tax plan?
verifiable:Says that at a campaign rally President Barack Obama "spent so much time screaming at a protester, and frankly it was a disgrace."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim that Obama 'screamed' at protester
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "says organized crime runs wild on reservations."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: Donald Trump says 'organized crime runs wild on reservations'
verifiable:"I have tremendous support from women."  
verifiable:Trump wrongly claims tremendous support from women
verifiable:"FBI confirms evidence of huge underground Clinton sex network."  
verifiable:Evidence ridiculously thin for sensational claim of huge underground Clinton sex network
verifiable:The media "never show crowds."     
verifiable:Trump says the media doesn't show his crowds at rallies. He's wrong
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "wants to undo marriage equality."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump 'wants to undo marriage equality'
verifiable:"Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants."  
verifiable:Trump leaves out context in claim about immigrants and crime
verifiable:"One in five American households have nobody under the same roof that's got a job."  
verifiable:Is Mike Pence right that 1 in 5 U.S. households don't have anyone working?
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "doesn't believe in equal pay."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump doesn't believe in equal pay
verifiable:"In many instances, (people's) health care costs are more than their mortgage costs or their rent, which, by the way, is a first in American history."  
verifiable:On average, Donald Trump comparison of health care, housing doesn't match data
verifiable:"Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!"   
verifiable:Trump says Twitter, Google, Facebook buried Clinton emails story
verifiable:Says of Donald Trump, "He even said, on his very first day in office, he would require every school in America to let people carry guns into our classrooms."  
verifiable:Trump said he would require schools to allow guns, Clinton says
verifiable:"The FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton ... and discovered another 650,000 emails."  
verifiable:Fact-checking Donald Trump on FBI probe into Clinton emails
verifiable:Says Donald Trump wants to deport "our Dreamers."  
verifiable:Pro-Clinton Super PAC says Trump wants to deport millions, including 'Dreamers'
verifiable:Says Barack Obama "is the first president in modern history not to have a single year of 3 percent growth."  
verifiable:Trump's claim about weak economic growth under President Obama doesn't tell the full story
verifiable:"One of George Soros' companies has provided some of the (voting) machines" for some states.       
verifiable:Claim that George Soros owns U.S. voting machines is Pants on Fire!
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "wants to let people just pour in. You could have 650 million people pour in and we do nothing about it. Think of it. That’s what could happen. You triple the size of our country in one week."  
verifiable:Pants on Fire! Trump says Clinton would let 650 million people into the U.S., in one week
verifiable:"There are Justice Department policies against" FBI Director James Comey discussing details of a federal investigation "so close to an election."  
verifiable:Clinton campaign says Comey letter violates Justice Department protocols
verifiable:Says FBI Director James Comey’s letter about new developments in the investigation into her emails "only" went "to Republican members of the House."  
verifiable:Clinton wrongly says FBI director sent letter about emails 'only' to Republicans
verifiable:"We are seeing kids who are healthier."  
verifiable:Clinton says kids are healthier
verifiable:"Nearly half of African-American children under the age of 6 are living in abject poverty."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says half of young black children are in 'abject poverty'
verifiable:"One-half of undocumented workers pay federal income taxes, which means they are paying more federal income taxes than Donald Trump pays."  
verifiable:Clinton: Undocumented workers pay more than Trump in federal income taxes
verifiable:In the Paula Jones case, Bill Clinton paid an "$850,000 penalty."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich misleading in saying Bill Clinton paid $850,000 'penalty'
verifiable:"We’ve spent $6 trillion" on the wars in the Middle East.  
verifiable:Did U.S. spend $6 trillion in Middle East wars?
verifiable:"The man who was in charge of the investigation of Hillary Clinton accepted essentially from Hillary Clinton $675,000 that went to his wife."  
verifiable:Facts dispute Donald Trump's claim that donation to FBI spouse linked to Clinton email decision
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "was asked if he would defend our allies. He said well, first he'd want to know if they made any payments to us to defend them."  
verifiable:Clinton said Trump wants to know about allies' payments before defending them
verifiable:"Wikileaks also shows how John Podesta rigged the polls by oversampling Democrats, a voter suppression technique."  
verifiable:Donald Trump absurdly claims Clinton campaign chairman rigged the polls. Pants on Fire!
verifiable:Says Donald Trump is "the first person running for president, Republican or Democrat, who refused to say that he would respect the results of this election."  
verifiable:Is Trump the first-ever candidate not to say he'll accept election results?
verifiable:"Donald Trump says he'd deport 16 million people."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton exaggerates by saying Donald Trump plans to deport 16 million people
verifiable:"14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote."       
verifiable:Donald Trump wrongly says 14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote
verifiable:"400 bills have my name on them either as a sponsor or a co-sponsor. You don’t get that done unless you work with folks on the other side."  
verifiable:Half True: Clinton says she sponsored 400 bills, worked with GOP
verifiable:In 1928 "school boards sent home letters with children saying that if Al Smith is elected president, you will not be allowed to have or read a Bible."  
verifiable:Clinton: School boards' anti-Catholic scare tactics in 1928 election
verifiable:"ISIS is in 32 countries."  
verifiable:Context is crucial in defining how many countries now harbor ISIS
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton takes "tens of millions of dollars from countries that hate women, that disrespect women, that throw gays off of buildings."  
verifiable:Do Clinton donors 'throw gays off of buildings'? No, that's ISIS
verifiable:"Ford is moving all of their small-car production to Mexico."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Ford is moving all small-car production to Mexico
verifiable:"Nobody knows about it, nobody talks about it, but under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country, they've been deported."  
verifiable:Trump right on Obama's deportation numbers, wrong about nobody talking about it
verifiable:Russia has "tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads — 1,800, by the way — where they expanded, and we didn't."  
verifiable:Trump says Russia has added nuclear warheads, while US hasn't
verifiable:"What I have put forward does not add a penny to the debt."       
verifiable:What Hillary Clinton's plans mean for the U.S. debt
verifiable:The stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them "largely have been debunked."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says reports of sexual assault by him have been disproven
verifiable:"There was even a time when (Donald Trump) didn't get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump claimed the Emmys were rigged
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton is "wrong" to say he mocked a disabled reporter.  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton is 'wrong' to say he mocked a disabled reporter
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: Donald Trump still promising to deport every undocumented person
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "used undocumented labor to build the Trump Tower."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton correctly claims that Trump Tower was in part built by undocumented workers
verifiable:When Hillary Clinton "ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State Department, $6 billion was either stolen — they don't know."  
verifiable:Trump wrongly says $6 billion went missing at State Department under Clinton
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "wanted the wall."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton fought for a wall between U.S., Mexico
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton's "plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes."  
verifiable:Donald Trump off-base in saying Hillary Clinton will 'double your taxes'
verifiable:"We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton blames high-up Russians for WikiLeaks releases
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "wants to have open borders."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton wants to have open borders
verifiable:"What the District of Columbia was trying to do (with its handgun ban) was to protect toddlers from guns."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Supreme Court gun decision dealt with protecting toddlers
verifiable:"We have 33,000 people a year who die from guns."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says 33,000 Americans die each year from guns
verifiable:"Heroin .. pours across our southern borders."       
verifiable:Trump says heroin pours across the southern border
verifiable:"State Department officials actually directed contracts for the Haitian recovery after the earthquake to friends of the Clintons."       
verifiable:Mike Pence wrong on Haiti contracts steered to Clinton friends
verifiable:"Back in the Great Recession, when millions of  jobs across America hung in the balance, Donald Trump said rescuing the auto industry didn’t really matter very much. He said, and I quote again, ‘Let it go.’ "     
verifiable:Clinton twists Trump's words on rescuing the auto industry during recession
verifiable:"Many of (Hillary Clinton's) friends took bigger deductions (than me). Warren Buffett took a massive deduction. (George) Soros, who is a friend of hers, took a massive deduction."  
verifiable:Trump off-base on Buffett, Soros deductions
verifiable:Says Warren Buffett has publicly said his secretary "should not be paying a higher tax rate" than him.  
verifiable:Clinton correct Buffett claimed to pay a lower tax rate than his secretary
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton was "let off the hook" for her email scandal while Gen. David Petraeus had his life "destroyed for doing far, far less."  
verifiable:FBI director James Comey says Donald Trump has it flipped; Petraeus case was worse than Clinton's
verifiable:"Of course, there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim of 'large scale voter fraud'
verifiable:"Workers in the United States are making less than they were almost 20 years ago, and yet they are working harder."  
verifiable:Trump says workers making less, working harder than 20 years ago
verifiable:"We know that more than half of Hillary Clinton's meetings while she was secretary of state were given to major contributors to the Clinton Foundation."       
verifiable:Pence wrongly says more than half of Hillary Clinton's meetings went to foundation donors
verifiable:"We don't have any" chess grandmasters in the United States.  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrongly maligns U.S. chess prowess
verifiable:Says Libya "Ambassador (Christopher) Stevens sent 600 requests for help" in Benghazi.  
verifiable:Donald Trump wildly exaggerates Amb. Christopher Steven's requests for extra Benghazi security
verifiable:"We've had Muslims in America since George Washington."  
verifiable:Clinton says Muslims have been in America since George Washington
verifiable:"If you look worldwide, the number of terrorist incidents have not substantially increased."  
verifiable:Obama says terrorism worldwide has not increased substantially since he took office
verifiable:Says "I’ve been proven right" about "Hillary Clinton's radical call for open borders, meaning anyone in the world can enter the United States without any limit at all."  
verifiable:Trump: 'I’ve been proven right' about Clinton wanting open borders
verifiable:Says Donald Trump’s tax plan gives the wealthy and corporations "more than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two."  
verifiable:Clinton is right: Trump tax plan gives more to rich than Bush tax cuts
verifiable:"We are now, for the first time ever, energy independent."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton claim that US is energy independent goes too far
verifiable:"I've gotten to see the commercials that they did on you. And I've gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials I've ever seen of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary."  
verifiable:Donald Trump off-base in claim about Michelle Obama ad against Hillary Clinton 
verifiable:Says Sidney Blumenthal wrote that the Benghazi attack was "almost certainly preventable. Clinton was in charge of the State Department, and it failed to protect U.S. personnel and an American consulate in Libya."  
verifiable:Donald Trump incorrectly pins Benghazi criticism on Sidney Blumenthal
verifiable:Says "Hillary Clinton set aside environmental and labor rules to help a South Korean company with a record of violating workers’ rights set up what amounts to a sweatshop in Haiti."  
verifiable:Trump mangles facts on Clinton and Haiti jobs project
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "viciously" attacked women abused by Bill Clinton.  
verifiable:Trump says Clinton viciously attacked those who charged abuse by Bill
verifiable:"I was gone" when there was a red line against Syria.  
verifiable:Clinton says she was gone for the 'red line' in Syria incident
verifiable:"ICE just endorsed me."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says ICE endorsed him
verifiable:"We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years."  
verifiable:Donald Trump largely accurate that U.S. had biggest increase in murders in 45 years
verifiable:Says after Hillary Clinton helped a man accused of raping a 12-year-old, "she's seen laughing on two separate occasions, laughing at the girl who was raped."  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrongly says Hillary Clinton laughed at a 12-year-old rape victim
verifiable:"You can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorists' sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters."  
verifiable:Clinton said terrorists use Trump's remarks about Muslims for recruitment
verifiable:Says a tweet he sent out "wasn’t saying, ‘check out a sex tape.’ It was just ‘take a look at" the background of Alicia Machado.  
verifiable:Trump's Pants on Fire about his early-morning tweet on Alicia Machado
verifiable:"These are radical Islamic terrorists, and (Hillary Clinton) won't even mention the word."  
verifiable:Trump: Clinton won't use the term 'radical Islamic terrorists'
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "wants to go to a single-payer plan" for health care  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrongly says Hillary Clinton 'wants to go to a single-payer plan' for health care
verifiable:"You (Hillary Clinton) get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 emails."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 emails after getting a subpoena
verifiable:"Right now we are at 90 percent health insurance covered. That's the highest we've ever been in our country."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says a record 90% of Americans have health insurance today
verifiable:Says he has "a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required."  
verifiable:Donald Trump has no 'fiduciary responsibility' on his personal tax returns, experts say
verifiable:Says "Donald Trump proposes to deport 16 million people, 11 million who are here without documents, and both Donald Trump and Mike Pence want to get rid of birthright citizenship."     
verifiable:Tim Kaine said Trump ticket wants to deport 16 million, end birthright citizenship
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "promised, running for the Senate years ago, 200,000 jobs for upstate New York. ... Not only didn't they come, but they lost so many jobs."  
verifiable:Trump: Clinton promised to add 200K jobs to upstate New York, but 'they lost so many jobs'
verifiable:"In other states (where illegal immigrants have been allowed to get driver's licenses) their insurance premiums for everybody have gone down."  
verifiable:Limited data support Gina Raimondo's claim that motorists save when illegal immigrants get licenses
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "went toe-to-toe with Russia as secretary of state to do the New START agreement to reduce Russia's nuclear stockpile."  
verifiable:Tim Kaine overstates Clinton's record on cutting Russia's nuclear stockpile
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "hasn’t broken his promise" to release his tax returns.  
verifiable:Pence's False claim that Trump 'hasn't broken' tax return promise
verifiable:Says Donald Trump, in his campaign announcement speech, "also said, ‘And many of them (Mexicans) are good people. You keep leaving that out of your quote."  
verifiable:Mike Pence tidies up Donald Trump's quote about Mexicans as 'good people'
verifiable:"Gov. Pence said, inarguably, Vladimir Putin is a better leader than President Obama."  
verifiable:Tim Kaine recalls Mike Pence comment on Vladimir Putin
verifiable:Says Philando Castile "had been stopped by police 40 or 50 times before that fatal incident."  
verifiable:Kaine: Police stopped slain Minnesota driver over 40 times
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "never said that" more nations should get nuclear weapons.  
verifiable:At debate, Mike Pence claims Trump never said more nations should have nuclear weapons
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine "want to expand (Obamacare) into a single-payer program."  
verifiable:Mike Pence says Hillary Clinton wants to turn Obamacare into single-payer
verifiable:Donald Trump would "engage in a risky scheme to privatize Social Security."  
verifiable:Tim Kaine Mostly False on Donald Trump's Social Security stance
verifiable:"When Donald Trump spoke in Phoenix, he looked the audience in the eye and he said ‘no, we're building a wall and we're deporting everybody.’ He said, quote, ‘they will all be gone. They will all be gone.’ This is one of the ones where you can go to the tape on it and see what Donald Trump has said."  
verifiable:Kaine: Trump said undocumented immigrants 'will all be gone'
verifiable:"10 cents on the dollar from the Clinton Foundation goes to charitable causes."  
verifiable:Pence repeats false claim on Clinton Foundation's limited charitable work
verifiable:Says that during President Barack Obama’s tenure, the United States has created "15 million new jobs."  
verifiable:Tim Kaine says that during the Obama administration 15 million jobs were created 
verifiable:Says "Iraq has been overrun by ISIS because Hillary Clinton failed to renegotiate . . . a status of forces agreement."  
verifiable:Mike Pence: Hillary Clinton failed to keep U.S. troops in Iraq
verifiable:"In the state of Indiana, I’ve signed more than $3.5 billion in tax relief."  
verifiable:Mike Pence leaves out some details on his tax cut
verifiable:"First, Donald Trump said wages are too high, and both Donald Trump and Mike Pence think we ought to eliminate the federal minimum wage."  
verifiable:Tim Kaine says Donald Trump, Mike Pence want to eliminate the federal minimum wage
verifiable:The Great Recession emerged "in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street, and created a perfect storm."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton's off-base linkage of tax cuts and the Great Recession
verifiable:"Since I came into office … we have increased the VA budget by 85 percent."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says VA budget has risen 85 percent on his watch
verifiable:Says "Gary Johnson and the Libertarian Party want to get rid of the public school system."  
verifiable:Partial credit: Chelsea Clinton says Gary Johnson wants to eliminate public schools
verifiable:"These people that we were going to deport for good reason ended up becoming citizens. Ended up becoming citizens. And it was 800. And now it turns out it might be 1,800, and they don't even know."  
verifiable:Trump says 1,800 people who were going to be deported ended up becoming citizens
verifiable:Say photographs of Hillary Clinton at the debate show what could be an earpiece.  
verifiable:Claims that Hillary Clinton wore earpiece at debate don't hold up
verifiable:Says "no, you’re wrong," responding to the assertion that stop-and-frisk was ruled unconstitutional in New York.  
verifiable:Donald Trump and Lester Holt clash over whether stop-and-frisk is constitutional in New York
verifiable:Says to Hillary Clinton, "You heard what I said about (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal), and all of a sudden you were against it."  
verifiable:Donald Trump: My Trans-Pacific Partnership opposition made Hillary Clinton change her stance
verifiable:"NATO is opening up a major terror division. ... I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO."  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrong again about NATO increasing terrorism efforts 'largely' because of him
verifiable:Says "Hillary Clinton's plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term, alone, with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $400 billion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs."  
verifiable:Trump says Clinton would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term
verifiable:In New York City, "murders are up."  
verifiable:Donald Trump off-base in saying murders are up in New York City
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton’s energy agenda "will cost the U.S. economy over $5 trillion"  
verifiable:Donald Trump's false claim that Clinton's energy plan will cost the economy $5 trillion
verifiable:Says top Clinton advisers "were pressing" birther movement stories "very hard."       
verifiable:Trump falsely tries to pin birtherism on Clinton insiders
verifiable:"The only years that anybody's ever seen" of Donald Trump’s tax returns "showed he didn't pay any federal income tax."  
verifiable:At debate, Hillary Clinton tax claim ignores years when Donald Trump reportedly paid federal taxes
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans."  
verifiable:True: Hillary Clinton says federal government sued Donald Trump for housing discrimination
verifiable:According to "independent experts," Donald Trump's tax plan "would blow up the debt by over $5 trillion and would in some instances disadvantage middle-class families compared to the wealthy."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton correctly cites outside analyses of Trump's tax plan
verifiable:"In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands since Jan. 1. Thousands of shootings."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Chicago has experienced thousands of shootings this year
verifiable:"I did not support the war in Iraq … The record shows that I’m right."  
verifiable:At first debate, Donald Trump claims, again, that he was against war in Iraq
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans’ (emails)."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton claims Donald Trump invited Russian President Vladimir Putin  to hack Americans
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton called the Trans-Pacific Partnership "the gold standard. You called it the gold standard of trade deals. You said it’s the finest deal you’ve ever seen."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton lauded controversial Trans-Pacific trade deal
verifiable:"The gun epidemic is the leading cause of death of young African-American men, more than the next nine causes put together."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton correct that gun deaths for young black males outpace next 9 causes combined
verifiable:"You will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the Federal Elections" to see the financial disclosure form than by looking at tax returns.  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrong that 'you will learn more' from financial disclosure form than from tax returns
verifiable:"I did not — I did not — I do not say that. I do not say that" climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese.  
verifiable:At New York debate, Donald Trump denies saying climate change is a Chinese hoax
verifiable:Says Donald Trump once suggested that he "would try to negotiate down the national debt."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump has said he would negotiate down the national debt
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said back in 2006, ‘Gee, I hope it does collapse because then I can go in and buy some and make some money.’ "  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump rooted for the housing crisis
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine "want to shut down shale, and shut down natural gas."  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrong to say Hillary Clinton wants to shut down natural gas, fracking
verifiable:Says Israel profiles based on ethnicity and "does it very successfully."  
verifiable:Donald Trump claim on Israeli profiling misses broader security context
verifiable:Says Donald Trump has outlined "policies that read like a Kremlin wish list."  
verifiable:Experts say Donald Trump's 'policies' dovetail with what Vladimir Putin would like for Russia
verifiable:"Our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape they've ever been in before. Ever. Ever. Ever."  
verifiable:Trump's Pants on Fire claim that black communities 'are absolutely in the worst shape' ever
verifiable:Says New START, passed while Clinton was secretary of state, is a "treaty cutting Russia’s nuclear arms."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton overstates impact of New START on Russia's nuclear arsenal
verifiable:"I never said" that Muslims would be subject to profiling under his policies.  
verifiable:Donald Trump says he never called for profiling Muslims
verifiable:Says comprehensive immigration reform "will add $700 billion to our economy."       
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says immigration reform will add $700 billion to U.S. economy
verifiable:"Over the past eight years, black youth unemployment is up."  
verifiable:RNC makes weak case that 'over the past eight years, black youth unemployment is up'
verifiable:"Latinos are 17 percent of our country's population but hold only 2 percent of its wealth."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton correct; Hispanic wealth disproportionately lower than its share of the population
verifiable:"Within just a few years, immigration as a share of national population is set to break all historical records."  
verifiable:Trump says in few years, immigrant share of population will break records
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton and millennials have the same positions on climate change, abortion rights, immigration reform, gay rights and college affordability. "Donald Trump doesn't."  
verifiable:Tim Kaine says millennials agree with Clinton, not Trump, on big issues
verifiable:"I finished" the controversy about where President Barack Obama was born.  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim that he 'finished' the Obama birther talk
verifiable:"Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy."  
verifiable:Fact-checking Donald Trump's claim Hillary Clinton started Obama birther movement
verifiable:On whether Barack Obama was born in the United States.  
verifiable:Full Flop: Donald Trump abandons Barack Obama birther conspiracy
verifiable:"The head of the IRS ordered 24,000 emails erased before Congress could review them, making sure the American people will never know the real truth."  
verifiable:John Fleming attacks IRS in inaccurate radio ad
verifiable:"My opponent has no child care plan."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim that Hillary Clinton 'has no child care plan'
verifiable:Says the Donald J.Trump Foundation's money "is his money."  
verifiable:No, Donald Trump's foundation money does not come from him
verifiable:"Trump Management was charged with discriminating against African-Americans and breaking federal law."  
verifiable:Clinton ad: Trump Management was charged with discriminating against black people
verifiable:"You've got a medical report on me that meets the same standard as Mitt Romney and Barack Obama."  
verifiable:Comparing the medical histories of Clinton, Trump, Romney and Obama
verifiable:Says U.S.-Mexico border has "1 million legal border crossings each and every day."  
verifiable:Trump says 1 million legal crossings along U.S.-Mexico border
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton had an "undercover nurse" with her at the Sept. 11 memorial ceremony in New York.  
verifiable:That Hillary Clinton 'undercover nurse' story is bogus
verifiable:Says Donald Trump's foundation "took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says Trump foundation took other people's money, bought a six-foot-tall painting
verifiable:"The Germans, the French, countries that opposed us in the (Iraq) war, all believed (Saddam Hussein) had weapons of mass destruction."       
verifiable:Wolfowitz wrongly says Germany, France thought Iraq had WMD
verifiable:Heroin comes in the United States "from the southern border."  
verifiable:Trump is right: Heroin is coming in through southern border
verifiable:Says "76 percent of all voters in the United States say they want Johnson-Weld, by name, in the presidential debates."  
verifiable:William Weld says 76% of Americans want Gary Johnson in debates
verifiable:For immigrants with visa overstays, "we make no effort to hold them accountable to that or uphold the law."  
verifiable:Mike Pence says 'no effort' made against visa overstays
verifiable:Say "71 percent of doctors say Hillary's health concerns are 'serious' and 'could be disqualifying.' "  
verifiable:Bloggers hype Hillary Clinton health poll as a representative survey of all doctors; it's not
verifiable:"That's legal: If you find out about somebody else's salary even if you're doing exactly the same job, you can be retaliated against, including being fired, in most places."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton wrongly says it's 'legal' to fire employees for discussing pay 'in most places'
verifiable:"Our veterans, in many cases, are being treated worse than illegal immigrants."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's False claim veterans treated worse than illegal immigrants
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama "has taken less vacation days than any other president in a generation," while Congress "has taken more vacation days than any other Congress in history."  
verifiable:Facts take a vacation in Occupy Democrats' post about presidential, congressional time off
verifiable:Says Russian President Vladimir Putin "calls me brilliant."   
verifiable:Did Vladimir Putin call Trump 'brilliant'? 
verifiable:Says Donald Trump is "on record extensively supporting (the) intervention in Libya."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Trump supported intervention in Libya
verifiable:"Classified material has a header which says ‘top-secret, secret, confidential.’ Nothing, and I will repeat this and this is verified in the report by the Department of Justice, none of the emails sent or received by me had such a header."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says none of her emails had classification headers
verifiable:Says Donald Trump supports "an agenda out there" to privatize the Veterans Affairs health care system.  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump supports privatizing the VA health care system
verifiable:    Says Hillary Clinton said the Veterans Affairs scandal is "over-exaggerated." "She said she was satisfied with what was going on."      
verifiable:Did Hillary Clinton say she was "satisfied" with Veterans Administration? 
verifiable:"I was totally against the war in Iraq."   
verifiable:Trump repeats wrong claim that he opposed Iraq War
verifiable:"Food stamps have gone up two-and-a-half times under Barack Obama."  
verifiable:Rudy Giuliani says food stamps rose two and a half times under Barack Obama
verifiable:"I released the most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics. … You don't learn much in a tax return."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says his financial disclosures more than make up for lack of releasing tax returns
verifiable:The Secure Communities Program and 287(g) immigration programs "were programs that worked" but were "recklessly gutted" by the Obama administration.  
verifiable:Trump says Secure Communities, 287(g) immigration programs worked
verifiable:"Donald Trump’s been completely consistent" about his plan for nonviolent undocumented immigrants.  
verifiable:Pence wrongly says Trump has been consistent in immigration views
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent."  
verifiable:Mike Pence cites Clinton support for more Syrian refugees
verifiable:Says "Hillary Clinton has pledged amnesty in her first 100 days, and her plan will provide Obamacare, Social Security, and Medicare for illegal immigrants, breaking the federal budget."  
verifiable:Donald Trump strays from key facts on Hillary Clinton 'amnesty,' social programs for immigrants
verifiable:"Since 2013 alone, the Obama administration has allowed 300,000 criminal aliens to return back into United States communities. These are individuals encountered or identified by (Immigration and Customs Enforcement), but who were not detained or processed for deportation because it wouldn't have been politically correct."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Obama has let 300,000 criminal aliens to go back into U.S. communities
verifiable:"There are at least 23 countries that refuse to take their people back after they’ve been ordered to leave the United States, including large numbers of violent criminals."       
verifiable:Mostly True: Donald Trump says 23 countries refuse to take back their natives from America
verifiable:The number of illegal immigrants "could be 3 million. It could be 30 million."  
verifiable:Donald Trump repeats Pants on Fire claim about '30 million' illegal immigrants
verifiable:"Illegal immigration costs our country more than $113 billion a year."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says illegal immigration costs $113 billion a year
verifiable:The Clinton Foundation "took steps that went above and beyond all legal requirements and, indeed, all standard requirements followed by every other charitable organization."  
verifiable:Did the Clinton Foundation go 'above and beyond' in transparency?
verifiable:"It has been 269 days since (Hillary) Clinton has held a press conference."  
verifiable:Has Hillary Clinton not had a press conference in 269 days?
verifiable:Says U.S. Rep. Bruce Poliquin voted to "force seniors to pay more for prescription drugs."  
verifiable:PAC ad say Bruce Poliquin voted to force seniors to pay more for prescription drugs
verifiable:"Inner-city crime is reaching record levels."  
verifiable:Donald Trump is wrong that 'inner-city crime is reaching record levels'
verifiable:"Her campaign and her supporters in her campaign were the ones that borne out the birther movement."       
verifiable:Reince Priebus says Clinton campaign and supporters started the birther movement
verifiable:"They were going to build the wall a while ago, not so long ago, like in '06. And they couldn't get environmental impact statements."  
verifiable:Trump says they were going to build a wall in '06, but environmental rules got in the way
verifiable:"None of the polls being conducted right now have us on the top line. None of them. It's always Trump and Clinton and then second question, third question. ... If we were included in the top line, as Johnson/Trump/Clinton, we'd be at 20 percent."  
verifiable:Gary Johnson questions pollsters as he tries to join Clinton, Trump on debate stage
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "is the one that labeled African-American youth as ‘superpredators.’"  
verifiable:Did Hillary Clinton call African-American youth 'superpredators?'
verifiable:"Parents and teachers are already worrying about what they call the ‘Trump Effect.’ They report that bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools, especially targeting students of color, Muslims and immigrants."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton, citing 'Trump Effect,' says teachers are reporting more bullying in schools
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent more than they're paying now."  
verifiable:Trump's False claim Hillary Clinton wants to raise taxes on African-American businesses 50 percent
verifiable:The Hollywood celebrities endorsing Hillary Clinton are "in many cases celebrities that aren’t very hot anymore."  
verifiable:Donald Trump: Clinton's celebrity backers 'aren't very hot anymore'
verifiable:"Since President Obama came into office, another 2 million Hispanics have joined the ranks of those in poverty. … The number of Hispanic children living in poverty increased by 15 percent in that short period of time."  
verifiable:Donald Trump offers misleading statistics about Hispanic poverty
verifiable:"The fact is" the Clinton Foundation has "got about 80 percent in overhead and 20 percent of the money is actually getting into the places it should."  
verifiable:Reince Priebus' False claim that 80% of Clinton Foundation costs are overhead
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton wants illegal immigrants "collecting Social Security benefits."  
verifiable:Donald Trump ad says illegal immigrants would be collecting Social Security under Hillary Clinton
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "abided by the ethics agreement" between the Clinton Foundation and the Obama administration.  
verifiable:Clinton surrogate spins Clinton Foundation defense
verifiable:The Obama administration gave Iran "$400 million in ransom payment cash."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Mostly False claim that $400 million payment to Iran was 'ransom'
verifiable:Says a CNN anchor said that Hillary Clinton has gotten "a free ride so far from the media. We're the biggest ones supporting her campaign."  
verifiable:Donald Trump fundraising email takes CNN anchor's comments out of context
verifiable:"Almost half a million people are still eligible (for DACA), particularly in the Asian-American and Pacific Islander community."  
verifiable:Clinton says almost a half-million immigrants still eligible for DACA, particularly Asians
verifiable:"In Congress right now, we're doing the best job we have ever done in women in the federal legislature," but it’s still only "19 percent."  
verifiable:Tim Kaine correct about how poorly U.S. fares in percentage of women lawmakers
verifiable:"We admit about 100,000 permanent immigrants from the Middle East every year."  
verifiable:Trump says U.S. admits 100,000 "permanent immigrants" annually from Middle East
verifiable:Says military commanders have said that if Donald Trump were elected, "they would not follow his orders."  
verifiable:Joe Biden rips Donald Trump over commanders' fears about illegal orders
verifiable:"I am the only candidate who ran in either the Democratic or the Republican primary who said from the very beginning (that) I will not raise taxes on the middle class."  
verifiable:Clinton repeats wrong claim that no other 2016 candidate pledged not to raise middle-class taxes
verifiable:Says her campaign platform includes the "biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton's claim that she would make the biggest jobs investment since World War II
verifiable:"Most Americans support" the legalization of marijuana.  
verifiable:Gary Johnson correct that most Americans support legalizing marijuana
verifiable:Says there was a "NATO base in Turkey being under attack by terrorists."  
verifiable:Trump campaign chair misquotes Russian media in bogus claim about NATO base terrorist attack
verifiable:"Under those eight years before (Barack) Obama came along, we didn’t have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack in the United States" since Sept. 11, 2001.  
verifiable:Aside from 9/11, Rudy Giuliani is wrong about no terrorist attacks before Obama  
verifiable:Legal prescription drugs "statistically kill 100,000 people a year, (but) there are no documented deaths due to marijuana."  
verifiable:Is it true that marijuana hasn't caused any deaths, while prescription drugs have caused 100,000?
verifiable:"I had previously said that NATO was obsolete because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism. Since my comments, they have changed their policy and now have a new division focused on terror threats."  
verifiable:Donald Trump mischaracterizes NATO change and his role in it
verifiable:"The Pentagon itself says that we could eliminate 20 percent of U.S. bases."  
verifiable:Gary Johnson said the Pentagon has endorsed eliminating 20 percent of military bases
verifiable:Says the U.S. election system is "rigged."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's baseless claims about the election being 'rigged'
verifiable:In Hillary Clinton's tax returns, "you saw a lot of income coming from donors to the Clinton Foundation and people who benefitted from her State Department term as well."  
verifiable:Paul Manafort says Clinton's tax returns show income from foundation donors
verifiable:"I opposed the only multilateral trade deal that came before the Senate while I was there."  
verifiable:In economic speech, Hillary Clinton offers cherry-picked summary of her trade votes
verifiable:Says "employers are still allowed to pay people with disabilities below the minimum wage."  
verifiable:Can employers actually pay disabled Americans below the minimum wage?
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "has been talking about the option of using a nuclear weapon against our Western European allies."  
verifiable:Has Donald Trump talked about using nukes against America's Western European allies?
verifiable:Says Barack Obama "founded ISIS. I would say the co-founder would be crooked Hillary Clinton."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim that Barack Obama 'founded' ISIS, Hillary Clinton was 'cofounder'
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton's plan "would tax many small businesses by almost 50 percent."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton plan would tax small businesses at nearly 50 percent
verifiable:Undocumented immigrants "pay $12 billion a year into Social Security."  
verifiable:Clinton says undocumented immigrants pay $12 billion a year into Social Security
verifiable:"The Obama-Clinton war on coal has cost Michigan over 50,000 jobs."  
verifiable:Donald Trump exaggerates Michigan job losses from coal regulations
verifiable:Says in 2012 "Obama won in every state that did not require a photo ID and lost in every state that did require a photo ID in order to vote."  
verifiable:Viral post claiming voter fraud in 2012 election errs on photo ID numbers
verifiable:Says the media distorted what happened with a baby at his rally.  
verifiable:Donald Trump accurately says media wrong that he kicked baby out of rally 
verifiable:"Mike Pence voted against expanding the Children’s Health Insurance program, which Hillary helped to start."  
verifiable:Howard Dean largely right on Mike Pence's health policy record
verifiable:"I haven't switched my position" on the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.  
verifiable:Tim Kaine says he hasn't changed his position on Trans-Pacific Partnership (unlike Clinton)
verifiable:Through the Clinton Foundation, "the Clintons are now worth in excess of $100 million."  
verifiable:Pro-Trump super PAC ad misleads on Clintons' wealth, foundation cash link
verifiable:"Interior deportations under Obama were down 40 percent and at a nine-year low."  
verifiable:Interior deportations down, at a 9-year low, border group says
verifiable:Says he saw videotape "of the people taking the money off the plane" to pay ransom to Iran for hostages.  
verifiable:Donald Trump says he didn't see video of cash being transferred for ransom after all
verifiable:"Hillary Clinton says she wants to, ‘raise taxes on the middle class.’ "  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrongly says Hillary Clinton wants to raise taxes on the middle class
verifiable:After initially agreeing with Republicans on an amount for Zika funding, "Democrats derailed it."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan blames Dems for Zika stalemate, omits key detail
verifiable:"Youth unemployment is through the roof."  
verifiable:Donald Trump exaggerates youth unemployment in Reddit AMA
verifiable:The Trans-Pacific Partnership "knocks out 18,000 tariffs that other countries place on American products and goods."  
verifiable:Barack Obama: Trans-Pacific Partnership eliminates 18,000 tariffs on American goods
verifiable:"It was under Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton that changed the rules of engagement that probably cost (Capt. Humayun Khan’s) life."  
verifiable:Trump spox's absurd claim that Clinton, Obama are responsible for Capt. Humayun Khan's 2004 death
verifiable:"American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs."       
verifiable:Donald Trump correctly claims homeownership is at a 51-year low
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "is going to go out and carpet bomb" the Middle East.  
verifiable:Joe Biden wrong to say Donald Trump has called for carpet bombing
verifiable:"As usual, Hillary & the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim that Clinton, Democrats rigged debate dates to conflict with NFL
verifiable:Says, regarding the presence of classified information in her email, FBI Director James "Comey said my answers were truthful, and what I've said is consistent with what I have told the American people."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton's wrong claim that FBI director Comey called her comments about email 'truthful'
verifiable:On whether he’s had a relationship with Vladimir Putin.  
verifiable:Donald Trump gets a Full Flop for whether he's had a relationship to Vladimir Putin
verifiable:"The DNC hack showed you that the Clinton campaign was working to schedule (primary) debates against (Bernie) Sanders," and the Clinton campaign is continuing this "ploy" against Donald Trump.  
verifiable:Trump campaign wrong about Clinton influence on debates against Sanders, Trump
verifiable:Says "Donald Trump has defended" World War II internment camps.  
verifiable:Joaquin Castro says Donald Trump defended World War II internment camps
verifiable:"More than 90 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent."       
verifiable:Clinton tips hat to Bernie Sanders, but uses out of date statistic
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "claimed our armed forces are 'a disaster.'"  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump has called the U.S. military 'a disaster'
verifiable:"We put a lid on Iran's nuclear program without firing a single shot."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says U.S. 'put a lid on Iran's nuclear program'
verifiable:Says Trump ties are made "in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan. Trump furniture in Turkey, not Ohio. Trump picture frames in India, not Wisconsin."  
verifiable:At DNC, Hillary Clinton slams Donald Trump for making products overseas
verifiable:"Our economy is so much stronger than when (Barack Obama and Joe Biden) took office. Nearly 15 million new private-sector jobs."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton's Half True claim on job recovery during Obama's tenure
verifiable:After the shootings of Dallas policemen, "nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days."  
verifiable:Clinton: Deaths of Dallas police drew nearly 500 job applicants
verifiable:On whether the federal government should set a minimum wage  
verifiable:Donald Trump gets a Full Flop for stance on minimum wage
verifiable:Says Donald Trump promised "the mass deportation of Latino families."  
verifiable:Did Donald Trump promise mass deportation of 'Latino families'?
verifiable:"Almost every country on Earth sees America as stronger and more respected today than they did eight years ago when I took office."  
verifiable:Mostly True: Obama says world opinion of U.S. better now than eight years ago
verifiable:"Illegal immigration and the crime rate are as low as they’ve been in decades."  
verifiable:Crime and illegal immigration are at decades-long lows, says Barack Obama
verifiable:"We have the most productive workers in the world."  
verifiable:Biden: Almost right on U.S. workers as the most productive
verifiable:"John McCain’s chief economic adviser during the ’08 race … estimated that Trump’s promises would cause America to lose 3.5 million jobs."  
verifiable:At DNC, Tim Kaine says even Republicans think Donald Trump's proposals are problematic
verifiable:Independent analysts "found that Trump's tax plan, given to the wealthy and big corporations, would rack up $30 trillion in debt."  
verifiable:Tim Kaine says Donald Trump's plan would add $30 trillion in debt, tilt toward the wealthy
verifiable:"Ninety percent of Americans want our background check system strengthened and expanded to cover more gun sales."  
verifiable:At DNC, Sen. Chris Murphy says 90% of Americans want expanded background checks for gun purchases
verifiable:Donald Trump "called the military that I served in a disaster."  
verifiable:Rear Adm. John Hutson says Donald Trump 'called the military that I served in a disaster'
verifiable:"We moved 100 times as many people out of poverty as moved out when President (Ronald) Reagan was in office, with 40 percent more jobs."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton exaggerates how many people moved out of poverty under his administration
verifiable:"Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining- then a small one. Pathetic."  
verifiable:Red, white and where? What happened to the American flag at the DNC?
verifiable:"As secretary of state, (Hillary Clinton) worked hard to get strong sanctions against Iran's nuclear program" and "got Russia and China to support them."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton praises Hillary's 'half-court shot' on Iran sanctions as secretary of state
verifiable:"The approval of the United States was 20 points higher when (Hillary Clinton) left the secretary of state's office than when she took it."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton exaggerates increase in world opinion of U.S. under Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
verifiable:Says when an interviewer asked Donald Trump if he treats women with respect, Trump replied, "I can't say that."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton video says Donald Trump admitted that he can't say he treats women with respect
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "cashed in" on Sept. 11,  "collecting $150,000 in federal funds intended to help small businesses recover — even though days after the attack Trump said his properties were not affected."  
verifiable:Did Donald Trump 'cash in' $150,000 after 9/11?
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "said a woman should be punished for exercising her right to choose."     
verifiable:At DNC, Barbara Boxer says Trump said women should be 'punished' for abortion
verifiable:"Human trafficking is the third-biggest criminal enterprise in the world."       
verifiable:Yes, human trafficking ranks No. 3 in world crime
verifiable:"The top 1 percent in recent years has earned 85 percent of all new income."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders' outdated income inequality statistic
verifiable:"There are fewer people crossing (the southwest) border than in the last 30 years."  
verifiable:Rep. Gutierrez says fewer people crossing border than in last 30 years
verifiable:"Donald Trump said he was excited for the 2008 housing crash that devastated millions of American families, because he thought it would help him scoop up more real estate on the cheap."  
verifiable:Elizabeth Warren says Donald Trump was excited for 2008 housing crash
verifiable:Speakers at the Democratic National Convention made "zero mentions of the global terrorist threat posed by ISIS."  
verifiable:RNC is right that no Democratic speaker mentioned ISIS on convention's first night
verifiable:"The top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent."  
verifiable:At DNC, Bernie Sanders repeats claim that top one-tenth of 1% owns as much wealth as bottom 90%
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "believes that states should actually have the right to lower the minimum wage below $7.25."  
verifiable:Sanders: Trump would allow states to lower the minimum wage
verifiable:"I wake up every morning in a house (the White House) that was built by slaves."  
verifiable:Michelle Obama correct that the White House was built by slaves
verifiable:"We are the only industrialized nation that doesn't guarantee workers paid family leave."  
verifiable:Yes, the United States is the only industrialized nation without paid family leave
verifiable:Says "Donald Trump is a guy who has called for privatization" of the Veterans Administration.  
verifiable:Does Donald Trump want to privatize the VA?
verifiable:"An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates."  
verifiable:No, Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders wouldn't have won even if super delegates were nixed
verifiable:Unemployment numbers "are artificial numbers. These are numbers that are massaged to make the existing economy look good, to make this administration look good when, in fact, it's a total disaster."  
verifiable:Donald Trump Jr. says unemployment rates are manipulated for political purposes
verifiable:Says unlike Tim Kaine, who "invested" in education, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence "slashed education funding."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Mike Pence 'slashed' education spending as Indiana governor
verifiable:"Nearly 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records, ordered deported from our country, are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens."  
verifiable:Trump: Nearly '180,000 illegal immigrants' have criminal records but haven't been deported
verifiable:"An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views."  
verifiable:Donald Trump correct — Lyndon Johnson passed legislation limiting political activity of churches
verifiable:"America is one of the highest-taxed nations in the world."       
verifiable:Trump tweaks talking point about U.S. being 'one of' highest-taxed nations, but it's still flawed
verifiable:"Household incomes are down more than $4,000 since the year 2000."  
verifiable:Donald Trump is largely right that household incomes are down $4,000 since 2000
verifiable:"Our trade deficit in goods reached nearly … $800 billion last year alone."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says goods trade deficit was almost $800 billion in 2015
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "supported North American Free Trade Agreement), and she supported China’s entrance into the World Trade Organization…. She supported the job-killing trade deal with South Korea. She supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's largely accurate about Clinton's past support for NAFTA, TPP
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment."  
verifiable:Despite new adverb, Trump's claim about Clinton wanting to 'abolish' 2nd Amendment is still False
verifiable:"While Hillary Clinton plans a massive, and I mean massive, tax increase, I have proposed the largest tax reduction of any candidate who has run for president this year, Democrat or Republican."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says he had the biggest tax cuts of any 2016 candidate
verifiable:"America has lost nearly one third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997, following the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton."       
verifiable:Trump gives half the story on trade deals, the Clintons and factory jobs
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "has called for a radical 550 percent increase in Syrian  ... refugees . . .  despite the fact that there’s no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or where they come from."       
verifiable:Donald Trump again fails to screen out the falsehood in oft-repeated claim on Syrian refugees
verifiable:"Forty-three million Americans are on food stamps."       
verifiable:Trump: 43 million Americans on food stamps
verifiable:"The number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire total from 2015."  
verifiable:Trump says number of illegal immigrant families crossing border this year exceeds 2015 total
verifiable:"Homicides last year increased by 17 percent in America’s 50 largest cities. That’s the largest increase in 25 years."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says homicides are up 17 percent in 50 biggest cities, largest increase in 25 years
verifiable:"Two million more Latinos are in poverty today than when President Obama took his oath of office less than eight years ago."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Latino poverty has grown under Obama, ignores important stat 
verifiable:Says as Indiana governor, he has made "record investments in education."  
verifiable:Mike Pence stretches claim of record education spending in Indiana at Republican convention
verifiable:"We in Indiana have . . . the highest credit rating in the nation."  
verifiable:Mike Pence touts top Indiana credit rating achieved before he became governor
verifiable:"It was Hillary Clinton who left Americans in harm's way in Benghazi and after four Americans fell said, 'What difference at this point does it make?' "  
verifiable:Mike Pence's inaccurate claim about Clinton's Benghazi role and response
verifiable:Says "Hillary (Clinton) wants to increase the number (of Syrian refugees) by 500 percent."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says Hillary Clinton wants to increase number of Syrian refugees by 500 percent
verifiable:"There are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before."  
verifiable:Mike Pence says there are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before
verifiable:"Just 9 percent of Muslims in Pakistan view ISIS favorably. Unfortunately, that 9 percent is 16 million people. And that’s just one country."  
verifiable:Gingrich: Pakistan offers rich ISIS recruiting base
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "always pays his bills promptly."  
verifiable:Businessman friend of Donald Trump says he 'always pays his bills promptly' 
verifiable:In 2010, Clinton "said Iran could enrich uranium. In 2014 she said she’s always argued against it."  
verifiable:Did Hillary Clinton flip-flop on Iran nuclear enrichment?
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton is proposing "destroying Medicare for seniors."  
verifiable:Donald Trump Jr. wrong that Hillary Clinton is proposing to destroy Medicare
verifiable:" ‘What difference, at this point, does it make?' I am the guy that got under her skin and provoked that infamous response from Hillary Clinton by asking a pretty simple question, 'Why didn't you just pick up the phone and call the survivors’ (of the Benghazi attack)?"  
verifiable:What you need to know about Hillary Clinton's 'infamous response' to Benghazi question
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "said all work-related emails were sent back to the State Department. The FBI director said, that's not true."  
verifiable:Stamp this one 'correct;' Chris Christie says Clinton wrong about work-related emails
verifiable:Says "(Clinton) called President Assad a ‘reformer.’ She called Assad a ‘different kind of leader.’ "       
verifiable:In RNC speech, Chris Christie says Clinton called Assad a 'reformer,' a 'different kind of leader'
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "lied about why her parents named her Hillary."  
verifiable:Did Hillary Clinton lie about being named after Sir Edmund Hillary?
verifiable:"The Clinton camp was the first to get it out there and try to say there was something untoward about the speech that Melania Trump gave."  
verifiable:Trump campaign chair pins Melania plagiarism story on Hillary Clinton's campaign
verifiable:"There are about 350,000 people who succeed in crossing our borders illegally each year."  
verifiable:Sen. Jeff Sessions wrongly says 350,000 people succeed in crossing the border every year
verifiable:Says as GOP was picking a convention city, "I recommended Ohio."  
verifiable:Trump says, without proof, that he recommended Ohio for GOP convention
verifiable:"We defied the stand-down orders" during the Benghazi attack.  
verifiable:'Stand-down' story ignores critical facts about effort to save Americans in Benghazi
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "has been a champion of globalist trade agreements. ... Worst of all, they are now pushing the disastrous 5,000-page Obamatrade — the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement."       
verifiable:Mostly False: Jeff Sessions says Clinton is 'champion' of global trade deals, including TPP 
verifiable:"We have the lowest percentage of Americans actually holding a job in 40 years."  
verifiable:Jeff Sessions says lowest percentage of Americans are working in 40 years
verifiable:Says no one from the Bush family attended the 2012 Republican National Convention and "there was no President Bush" at the 2008 convention.  
verifiable:Priebus wrongly says no Bush attended 2012 RNC
verifiable:"What the facts say" is ... "the best scenario for kids is a loving mom and dad."  
verifiable:GOP chair wrongly claims 'facts' show children do better with straight parents
verifiable:"Just look at what the FBI director said about her (Hillary Clinton) — her misconduct  is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country."  
verifiable:Donald Trump mischaracterizes FBI director comment about Hillary Clinton's email practices
verifiable:"We flood communities with so many guns that it is easier for a teenager to buy a Glock than get his hands on a computer or even a book."  
verifiable:Barack Obama offers flawed comparison between teens' ease in obtaining Glocks vs. books
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "took 13 hours to send help to Americans under fire" during the terrorist attack in Benghazi.  
verifiable:Pence falsely says Clinton didn't 'send help' during Benghazi attack
verifiable:"Today, there are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before in the 200-year history of the great state of Indiana."  
verifiable:Mike Pence offers misleading statistic on employment peak in Indiana
verifiable:"(Mexican immigrants) are more law-abiding than U.S. citizens and that is a statistic."  
verifiable:Libertarian candidate says Mexican immigrants more law-abiding than U.S. citizens
verifiable:"Independent analysts say (Donald Trump) would add $30 trillion to the national debt."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says that, according to analysts, Donald Trump would increase debt by $30 trillion
verifiable:In 2016, Dallas, Texas, has fewer "police officer-related shootings than any large city in America."  
verifiable:Does Dallas have fewest police shootings in America? Impossible to tell
verifiable:    The war on drugs led to "a 500 percent increase in incarceration in our country, disproportionately affecting poor and disproportionately affecting minorities."           
verifiable:How the war on drugs affected incarceration rates
verifiable:Says Attorney General Loretta Lynch "was a member of Bill Clinton's defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe."  
verifiable:Meme resurrects bogus claim from 2014 about Loretta Lynch helping Bill Clinton in Whitewater probe
verifiable:"You know what (Saddam Hussein) did well? He killed terrorists."  
verifiable:Was Saddam Hussein good at killing terrorists, as Donald Trump says?
verifiable:"Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail" by President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.  
verifiable:Donald Trump isn't winging it in complaint about Air Force One campaign costs
verifiable:Says she "never received nor sent any material that was marked classified" on her private email server while secretary of state.  
verifiable:FBI findings tear holes in Hillary Clinton's email defense
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "savaged" the dignity of people who accused Bill Clinton of sexual harassment or assault "and shamed them."  
verifiable:Pro-Trump super PAC compares Bill Clinton to Cosby in attack on Hillary
verifiable:"The steel industry is producing as much steel in the United States as it ever was. It’s just (that) it needs one-tenth of the workers that it used to."  
verifiable:Barack Obama wrong about size of U.S. steel production, work force
verifiable:"During my administration, for example, we boosted U.S. exports to Canada and Mexico by about 50 percent. That supports about 2.8 million American jobs."  
verifiable:At 'Three Amigos' summit, Obama overshoots trade benefits between Mexico, Canada
verifiable:Says Donald Trump's position is "to roll back all" of the financial regulations passed after the financial crisis.  
verifiable:As Warren says, Trump is no fan of post-crisis Wall Street regulations
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "was literally present when we pressed the reset button with Russia just a few months after Russia had invaded Georgia."  
verifiable:Tom Cotton: Hillary Clinton pushed reset with Russia months after it invaded Georgia
verifiable:"As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton laundered money to Bill Clinton through Laureate Education, while Bill Clinton was an honorary chairman of the group."       
verifiable:Did Hillary Clinton launder millions of dollars while she was secretary of state?
verifiable:Says Donald Trump’s proposed tax treatment of hedge fund managers "makes the current loophole even worse."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton accurately says Donald Trump's plan is good for hedge funders
verifiable:"During the (Benghazi) attack, a stand-down order was given, and our troops were told to change their clothes four times."  
verifiable:Hannity misleads about stand-down order, clothing change in Benghazi attack
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "presided over $6 billion lost at the State Department, sold uranium to the Russians through (her) faux charity, illegally deleted public records, and murdered an ambassador."  
verifiable:Pants on Fire: Trump lawyer tweets meme accusing Clinton of murder
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton’s State Department "approved the transfer of 20 percent of America’s uranium holdings to Russia, while nine investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation."  
verifiable:Donald Trump inaccurately suggests Clinton got paid to approve Russia uranium deal
verifiable:"As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton ‘voted for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions, millions of jobs.’ "  
verifiable:Donald Trump quotes Bernie Sanders' Half True claim about Clinton, free trade
verifiable:"Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs."  
verifiable:Donald Trump exaggerates Hillary Clinton's role in growing trade deficit with China
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "filibustered legislation to reform" Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  
verifiable:Trump wrongly says Clinton filibustered Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac legislation
verifiable:After Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, "within 24 hours, Americans lost $100 billion from our 401(k)s."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says American 401(k)s lost $100 billion after Brexit vote
verifiable:"Risk analysts listed Donald Trump, a Donald Trump presidency, as one of the top threats facing the global economy, ahead of terrorism."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton correct that analysts have called Donald Trump a top global economic risk
verifiable:Says Mark Zandi, who wrote a report criticizing Donald Trump’s economic proposals, is "one of Sen. John McCain's former economic advisers."  
verifiable:Clinton, Trump both say Moody's economist is on the other team
verifiable:"We don't know anything about Hillary in terms of religion. Now, she's been in the public eye for years and years, and yet there's no — there's nothing out there."  
verifiable:What do we know about Hillary Clinton's religion? A lot, actually
verifiable:As a result of Roe vs. Wade, "America’s maternal mortality rate dropped dramatically."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: Pregnancy-related deaths dropped after Roe vs. Wade legalized abortion
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "has even deleted this record of total support (for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) from her book."  
verifiable:Donald Trump flubs claim that Hillary Clinton deleted her support of trade deal from her book
verifiable:The Benghazi victims were "left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton 'slept' through Benghazi attack
verifiable:"Al-Qaida operatives, have said, 'Hey, we want you to use this loophole (for purchasing guns despite being on a watch list) to attack and kill Americans.'"  
verifiable:Sen. Cory Booker says al-Qaida has urged followers to use lax U.S. gun laws to kill Americans
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton’s "State Department blocked investigation into Orlando killer’s mosque."       
verifiable:Websites say Hillary Clinton's State Department blocked investigation into Orlando shooter's mosque
verifiable:"For the amount of money Hillary Clinton would like to spend on refugees, we could rebuild every inner city in America."  
verifiable:Trump wrong that Clinton's refugee plan would cost more than rebuilding all inner cities
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "said she was under attack (in Bosnia) but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers."  
verifiable:Trump right that Clinton made up story about Bosnia sniper fire
verifiable:"I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war (in Iraq), and yes, even before the war ever started."       
verifiable:Trump still wrong on his claim that opposed Iraq War ahead of the invasion
verifiable:Says Donald Trump has "bankrupted his companies not once, not twice but four times."  
verifiable:Yep, Donald Trump's companies have declared bankruptcy...more than four times
verifiable:Says Donald Trump has said he loves war, "including with nukes."  
verifiable:Super PAC ad says Trump likes war, even nuclear, but that needs context
verifiable:Says delegates can't "legally" change the Republican National Convention rules to prevent Donald Trump’s nomination.  
verifiable:Donald Trump said it's illegal for delegates to change the rules on him, but it's not
verifiable:"We've seen more manufacturing jobs created since I've been president than anytime since the 1990s. That's a fact."  
verifiable:Obama: 'We've seen more manufacturing jobs created' than anytime since the 1990s
verifiable:"According to Pew Research, 99 percent of the people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia law."  
verifiable:Trump mostly correct about Sharia law support in Afghanistan
verifiable:"The Obama administration was actively supporting Al Qaeda in Iraq, the terrorist group that became the Islamic State."  
verifiable:Donald Trump suggests Barack Obama supported ISIS, but that's a conspiracy theory
verifiable:Last year, "244 suspected terrorists walked into gun shops and attempted to purchase a firearm; 223 were able to get the firearm."  
verifiable:Schumer: 244 people on terror watch list tried to buy guns in 2015, 91% got them
verifiable:"There are tens of thousands of homes right here in California where you turn on the faucet but you can't drink the water."  
verifiable:Lack of a reliable tally from EPA, California hinder Bernie Sanders tap water claim
verifiable:"Hate crimes against American Muslims and mosques have tripled after Paris and San Bernardino."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says anti-Muslim hate crimes tripled after Paris, San Bernardino
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "plans to massively increase admissions (of Middle East refugees) … including a 500 percent increase in Syrian refugees coming into our country."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton wants to let 500 percent more Syrians into the U.S.
verifiable:There is "no system to vet" refugees from the Middle East.       
verifiable:Wrong: Donald Trump says there's 'no system to vet' refugees
verifiable:"We admit more than 100,000 lifetime migrants from the Middle East each year."  
verifiable:Donald Trump correct that U.S. gives 100,000 green cards a year to migrants from Middle East
verifiable:"Tuition-free public universities and colleges are just a pipe dream. False. They were both free up until the Vietnam War."       
verifiable:Viral image stretches the truth about college costs before the Vietnam War
verifiable:Says the United States has "treaties with apparently 69 countries where we are obligated to defend their borders. And these were treaties that were executive treaties, not authorized by Congress."       
verifiable:Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson mischaracterizes U.S. defense obligations
verifiable:"Crime is rising."  
verifiable:Donald Trump said, 'Crime is rising.' It's not (and hasn't been for decades)
verifiable:Says Judge Gonzalo Curiel "is a member of a club or society, very strongly pro-Mexican."       
verifiable:Trump wrongly casts California lawyers group as strongly pro-Mexican
verifiable:Says Obama "called Kagan a moderate. He called Sotomayor a moderate."  
verifiable:McConnell mostly right about Obama selling previous Supreme Court nominees as moderate 
verifiable:"A trade war is something very different (than curbing new trade agreements). We went down that road in the 1930s. It made the Great Depression longer and more painful."  
verifiable:In shot at Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton is correct about tariffs' role in Great Depression
verifiable:Says Donald Trump said the U.S. should "encourage" Japan to get nuclear weapons.  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump argued U.S. should 'encourage' Japan to get nuclear weapons
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "has the gall to say that prisoners of war like John McCain aren’t heroes."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton attacks Donald Trump over his 'war hero' dig at John McCain
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "says he has foreign policy experience because he ran the Miss Universe pageant in Russia."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump cited Miss Universe pageant as evidence of foreign policy chops
verifiable:Says "Donald Trump says climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese."  
verifiable:Yes, Donald Trump did call climate change a Chinese hoax
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton has spoken "such lies about my foreign policy. They said I want Japan to … get nuclear weapons. Give me a break."  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrong in accusing Hillary Clinton of lying about his views on a nuclear-armed Japan
verifiable:"We're losing thousands of (veterans) waiting on line" because they can't get speedy health care from the Veterans Administration.       
verifiable:Donald Trump: Thousands of veterans die waiting for treatment from the VA
verifiable:"I wanted to keep it private, because I don't think it's anybody's business if I want to send money to the vets."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says he wanted to keep veterans fundraising 'quiet,' but he touted it instead
verifiable:"It was allowed," referring to her email practices.  
verifiable:Fact-checking Hillary Clinton's claim that her email practices were 'allowed'
verifiable:In California, "the windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles."       
verifiable:Trump inflates wind turbine eagle deaths
verifiable:"I believe we should have tax on carbon and deal aggressively with climate change. That is not (Hillary Clinton's) position."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says only he supports carbon tax and 'aggressive' approach to climate change
verifiable:"Right now, in every major poll, national poll and statewide poll done in the last month, six weeks, we are defeating Trump, often by big numbers and always at a larger margin than Secretary Clinton is."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says he polls better against Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton does
verifiable:"Hypocrisy at the Clinton Foundation: Top male staff made on average $218,029 while top female staff made $153,014 from 2010-2014."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Clinton Foundation pays top women less than top men
verifiable:"In 2006, Donald Trump was hoping for a real estate crash."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton faults Donald Trump for hoping for real estate crash that led to the Great Recession
verifiable:It "is Hillary Clinton's agenda" to "release the violent criminals from jail. She wants them all released."  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrong that Hillary Clinton wants to release all violent criminals from prison
verifiable:"There are places in America that are among the most dangerous in the world. You go to places like Oakland. Or Ferguson. The crime numbers are worse. Seriously."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's false claim that Oakland, Ferguson are 'among the most dangerous in the world'
verifiable:"Look, we are at war with these people and they don't wear uniforms. … This is a war against people that are vicious, violent people, that we have no idea who they are, where they come from. We are allowing tens of thousands of them into our country now."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim that US is letting in 'tens of thousands' of terrorists now
verifiable:"The only two (Donald Trump tax returns) we have show that he hasn't paid a penny in taxes."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton claim about Donald Trump paying no federal taxes ignores the years when he did
verifiable:"Let me say that I don't think (Bernie Sanders has) had a single negative ad ever run against him."   
verifiable:Hillary Clinton wrong that no negative ads have hit Bernie Sanders
verifiable:"When I was secretary of state, I had a very high approval rating."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton's approval ratings as secretary of state were high, but they're not now
verifiable:"We now do have evidence" that Donald Trump is being used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.  
verifiable:Donald Trump now being used in terrorist propaganda videos, Hillary Clinton says
verifiable:"We just had the best year for the auto industry in America in history."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says 2015 was the best year in US auto industry history
verifiable:Says "Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage."  
verifiable:Elizabeth Warren gets better of Donald Trump on his stance on abolishing federal minimum wage
verifiable:"Puerto Rico’s $70 billion debt is unsustainable and it is unpayable. And the reason why it is unsustainable has everything to do with the greed of Wall Street vulture funds."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders links Puerto Rico's debt crisis to Wall Street greed 
verifiable:Says Donald Trump said of women, "And you can tell them to go f--- themselves."  
verifiable:Priorities USA ad rips Trump's 'f--- themselves' quote way out of context
verifiable:Since 2009, "after-tax incomes are up nearly 14 percent."  
verifiable:Are after-tax incomes up 14% since 2009? 
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "wants to abolish the Second Amendment."  
verifiable:Donald Trump falsely claims Hillary Clinton 'wants to abolish the 2nd Amendment'
verifiable:Germany "is crime-riddled right now" because of migration to Europe.  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Germany now riddled with crime thanks to refugees
verifiable:"The market is making this decision. The market has driven down the cost of coal, so you have companies going bankrupt."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says market forces made coal companies go bankrupt
verifiable:"In the United States alone we lose more than 3,000 people a day to cancer."  
verifiable:Joe Biden misstates daily deaths in United States from cancer
verifiable:"You have to be a citizen to vote," but with same-day voter registration, "you have places where people just walk in and vote."  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrongly says noncitizens can vote when there is same-day voter registration
verifiable:"We're the highest taxed nation in the world."  
verifiable:For the third time, Donald Trump, U.S. is not 'highest taxed nation in the world'
verifiable:Says Donald Trump promised to repeal Obamacare, build a wall, ban Muslims, and more.  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton video lists 8 promises of Donald Trump presidency. Did he say that?
verifiable:"Increasing the min. wage to $15 an hour would reduce spending on food stamps, public housing and other programs by over $7.6 billion a year."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says minimum wage hike to $15 would reduce federal assistance by $7.6 billion a year
verifiable:Says Ted Cruz’s father "was with Lee Harvey Oswald" before the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim linking Ted Cruz's father and JFK assassination
verifiable:Winning enough pledged delegates is "not impossible."  
verifiable:Sanders: It's not impossible to get enough delegates to win
verifiable:"Frankly, (Hillary Clinton) doesn’t do very well with women."  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrong that Hillary Clinton 'doesn’t do very well with women'
verifiable:Says Donald Trump’s "only economic agenda is imposing massive taxes on the American people with a 40 percent tax hike of a giant tariff."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's economic agenda is 'imposing massive taxes on the American people,' Ted Cruz claims
verifiable:Says both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton say Planned Parenthood is "terrific and that it should keep taxpayer funding."   
verifiable:Do Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton agree on Planned Parenthood funding?
verifiable:"Today President Obama said there will NOT be a National Day of Prayer in May."  
verifiable:Another lie that won't die: The multitudes say Obama has canceled National Day of Prayer
verifiable:"When President Obama landed in Cuba on Air Force One, no leader was there, nobody, to greet him -- perhaps an incident without precedent in the long and prestigious history of Air Force One."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Raul Castro snubbed Barack Obama at airport, and that it's 'without precedent'
verifiable:"ISIS is making millions of dollars a week selling Libyan oil."  
verifiable:No, Donald Trump, ISIS is not 'making millions of dollars a week' selling Libyan oil
verifiable:"I was totally against the war in Iraq, saying for many years that it would destabilize the Middle East."  
verifiable:Donald Trump did not warn the Iraq War would 'destabilize the Middle East' before it started
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama never said, "No boots on the ground" in Syria.  
verifiable:Has Barack Obama had a 'no boots on the ground' message for Syria?
verifiable:Says "Hillary Clinton has promised to raise taxes by $1 trillion dollars."  
verifiable:Super PAC's $1 trillion tax claim against Hillary Clinton ignores timeframe, who would pay
verifiable:Marijuana is a Schedule I drug, "which you understand means that you can’t do any research about it."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton's hazy claim that researchers can't study marijuana
verifiable:Says Donald Trump thinks "a grown man pretending to be a woman (should) be allowed to use the women's restroom."  
verifiable:Cruz attack ad on Trump distorts transgender bathroom access issue
verifiable:"I earned more votes in the state of Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says he won more votes in Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York
verifiable:"We know that Saudi Arabia started al-Qaida."  
verifiable: Former U.S. Sen. Bob Graham's claim that Saudi Arabia created al-Qaida lacks nuance
verifiable:In the 2014 election, "80 percent of poor people did not vote."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders said poor people don't vote
verifiable:"In last week’s debate, Bernie questioned Hillary’s commitment to fighting climate change because a whopping 0.2 percent of the money given to our campaign has come from employees of oil and gas companies. Not even 2 percent, mind you: 0.2 percent."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton gets 0.2 percent of campaign donations from oil, gas employees, Robby Mook says
verifiable:"Andrew Jackson was the last president who actually balanced the federal budget, where we had no national debt."  
verifiable:Was Andrew Jackson the only U.S. president to bring national debt to zero?
verifiable:"When I withdrew in June of 2008, polls were showing that at least 40 percent of my supporters said, oh, they weren't going to support Sen. Obama."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says history shows she can win over Bernie Sanders supporters
verifiable:"Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race."  
verifiable:Trump says Cruz has been 'mathematically' eliminated from winning the nomination on 1st ballot
verifiable:Says professional football coach Rex Ryan "won championships in New York. The AFC, I think, twice."  
verifiable:Donald Trump praises Rex Ryan's imaginary AFC championships
verifiable:Says that in her speech to the pro-Israel group AIPAC, Hillary Clinton "had one line on the Palestinian people."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says Hillary Clinton had 'one line on the Palestinian people' in key speech on Israel
verifiable:"Washington politicians are paid over $200,000 an hour for speeches."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders ad ignores fact that members of Congress can't be paid for speeches
verifiable:"We spend about 75 percent of the entire cost of the military aspect of NATO."  
verifiable:Sanders oversimplifies U.S. share of NATO
verifiable:"We win when voter turnout is high, we lose when it is low."  
verifiable:Sanders largely off-base in saying he wins when voter turnout is high and loses when it's low
verifiable:"The city of Charlotte passed a bathroom ordinance mandate on every private-sector employer in Charlotte."  
verifiable:NC Gov. Pat McCrory defends HB2, says it would have affected every private employer in Charlotte
verifiable:In nine Democratic debates, "We've not had one question about a woman's right to make her own decisions about reproductive health care, not one question."       
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Democratic debate moderators have not asked any questions about abortion
verifiable:The Republicans "still want to privatize (Social Security). In fact, their whole idea is to turn over the Social Security trust fund to Wall Street."  
verifiable:Clinton exaggerates Republicans' plans to 'privatize' Social Security
verifiable:"When this campaign began, I said that we’ve got to end the starvation minimum wage of $7.25, raise it to $15. Secretary Clinton said let's raise it to $12."  
verifiable:Does Hillary Clinton want a $15 or $12 minimum wage?
verifiable:Says Bernie Sanders "has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: Bernie Sanders 'has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA'
verifiable:"I remain one of the poorer members of the United States Senate."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says he's 'one of the poorer members of the United States Senate'
verifiable:"We have tougher standards holding toy gun manufacturers and sellers to account than we do for real guns."  
verifiable:At New York debate, Clinton says US has higher accountability standards for toy guns than real guns
verifiable:"Every bit of plastic that has ever been created still exists."  
verifiable:Rubbish! Experts degrade claim that every bit of plastic ever created is still around
verifiable:"My numbers are better right now than Ronald Reagan's numbers were with Jimmy Carter."  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrong about 1980 Ronald Reagan race against Jimmy Carter
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton supported and continues to "support fracking."  
verifiable:Does Hillary Clinton support fracking?
verifiable:"The state that has the highest per capita number of … guns that end up committing crimes in New York come from Vermont."  
verifiable:A look at Hillary Clinton's claim about Vermont's gun pipeline to New York
verifiable:"Poll after poll after poll shows me beating Hillary."  
verifiable:National surveys show Ted Cruz isn't beating Hillary Clinton in poll after poll after poll
verifiable:Says the Congressional Budget Office "is expecting a protracted economic malaise for at least the next decade under current policies."  
verifiable:Does CBO report suggest U.S. economy faces a decade of 'protracted economic malaise'?
verifiable:"The largest U.S. companies would owe $620 billion in U.S. taxes on the cash they store in tax havens."  
verifiable:Sanders: U.S. multinationals would owe $620 billion on overseas profits
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton voted "for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs."  
verifiable:Clinton voted for 'virtually every' trade agreement, killing millions of jobs, Sanders says
verifiable:Says Bernie Sanders "wants higher standards for toy guns than real guns."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders wants higher standards for toy guns than real guns
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "has been saying lately that she thinks that I am, 'not qualified to be president.' "  
verifiable:Did Hillary Clinton say Bernie Sanders 'not qualified' to be president? Not directly
verifiable:"Many just call him 'Lyin' Ted.' ... His TV ad about John Kasich? Lie! Stations had to pull it off the air."  
verifiable:John Kasich's super PAC slams Ted Cruz for TV ad Cruz's campaign didn't make
verifiable:Says his campaign has released his past tax returns.  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders has released few tax returns compared with past and present candidates
verifiable:"I have 2 and a half million more votes than he (Sanders) does."  
verifiable:Does Clinton really have 2.5 million more votes than Sanders?
verifiable:The "rate of uninsured Americans (is) 8.8 percent."  
verifiable:Barack Obama jumps the gun on U.S. uninsured rate, then reverses course
verifiable:China is "in the South China Sea and (building) a military fortress the likes of which perhaps the world has not seen."  
verifiable:Donald Trump weighs in on China's island-building in the South China Sea
verifiable:"We’ve rebuilt China."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says China's economic growth is thanks to the United States
verifiable:Says his free public university tuition program "is paid for … by a tax on Wall Street's speculation."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says Wall Street tax would pay for his free tuition plan
verifiable:"I have now put out all of my emails."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton spins on ‘Meet the Press,’ says she put out all her emails
verifiable:"I'm the only candidate in the Democratic primary, or actually on either side, who Wall Street financiers and hedge fund managers are actually running ads against."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton's absurd claim that she's the only candidate being attacked by Wall Street
verifiable:Says Ted Cruz distributed the ad showing a nude Melania Trump on a rug.       
verifiable:Donald Trump has no evidence that Ted Cruz was responsible for naked Melania ad
verifiable:Says that when Michelle Fields "found out that there was a security camera, and that they had her on tape, all of a sudden that story changed."  
verifiable:Donald Trump: Michelle Fields changed her story since first claiming campaign manager grabbed her
verifiable:"There’s a tremendous tax that we pay when we (American businesses) go into China, whereas when China sells to us there’s no tax."  
verifiable:Trump miscasts impact on trade of Chinese taxes
verifiable:When it comes to fighting terrorism, "Another thing we know that does not work, based on lots of empirical evidence, is torture."  
verifiable:Evidence backs Hillary Clinton claim that torture is counterproductive for counterterrorism
verifiable:"It’s actually easier for the United States to get flight manifests from E.U. nations than it is for E.U. nations to get them from their own neighbors, thanks to an agreement the U.S. negotiated when I was secretary of state."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: US negotiated agreement that made it easier to get EU flight data
verifiable:"Bernie Sanders passed more roll call amendments in a Republican Congress than any other member."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders was the roll call amendment king from 1995 to 2007
verifiable:"To this day, (the Cuban government) is a regime that provides safe harbor to terrorists and fugitives."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan says Cuba is a 'safe harbor' for fugitives and terrorists
verifiable:"When those restrictions expire (in the Iran nuclear deal), Iran will have an industrial-size military nuclear capability ready to go."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Iran military will have nuclear weapons as soon as enrichment limits expire
verifiable:"Ukraine voluntarily gave up its nuclear weapons because the United States of America" said it would "ensure (its) territorial integrity from Russia."       
verifiable:Ted Cruz wrongly says Ukraine gave up nukes due to American security guarantees
verifiable:"During the last five years, Iran has perpetrated terror attacks in 25 different countries on five continents."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Iran is responsible for terrorist attacks in 25 countries, five continents
verifiable:Says Senate Republicans are "following a longstanding tradition of not filling vacancies on the Supreme Court in the middle of a presidential election year."       
verifiable:Mitch McConnell exaggerates 'tradition' of not confirming election year Supreme Court nominees
verifiable:"According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), about 120 Americans on average die from a drug overdose every day. Overall, drug overdose deaths now outnumber deaths from firearms."  
verifiable:Rep. Joe Pitts says 120 Americans die daily from overdoses, exceeding deaths from guns
verifiable:Says Donald Trump promised "to take care of everybody (through government-run healthcare and) the government's going to pay for it."  
verifiable:Club for Growth claim ignores key points of Donald Trump's stand on healthcare coverage
verifiable:Senate Democrats "have never held up a Supreme Court nomination."  
verifiable:Harry Reid says unlike the GOP, Senate Democrats never held up a Supreme Court nomination
verifiable:Says Donald "Trump got, you know, $1.8 billion worth of free media. I got, like, none."  
verifiable:John Kasich calls out Donald Trump's '$1.8 billion worth of free media'
verifiable:"Six justices" on the U.S. Supreme Court have been "confirmed in presidential election years since 1912."    
verifiable:Mike Honda shares accurate graphic about past Supreme Court nominations
verifiable:Under the Iran nuclear deal, "we give them $150 billion, we get nothing."  
verifiable:No, Donald Trump, we are not giving Iran $150 billion for 'nothing'
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama has "been presiding over our jobs going overseas for seven years."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz pins too much blame for outflow of jobs on Barack Obama
verifiable:"Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young African American men, outstripping the next nine causes of death combined."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says guns exceed next nine categories as leading cause of death for young black men
verifiable:The rate of U.S. female homicide victims outnumbers 24 other developed countries by more than 2½ to 1.  
verifiable:Anti-gun violence group uses old data incorrectly to compare international homicide rates for women
verifiable:Says the man who rushed the stage at him in Dayton, Ohio, "had chatter about ISIS, or with ISIS" in his social media posts.  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrongly links Ohio campaign event protester to ISIS
verifiable:"More than once, I've actually had a conversation with the protesters on substance."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says he's engaged civilly with protesters at his campaign events
verifiable:Foreign aid "is less than 1 percent of our federal budget."       
verifiable:Marco Rubio says foreign aid is less than 1 percent of federal budget
verifiable:"GDP was zero essentially for the last two quarters."  
verifiable:No, GDP growth was not zero, as Donald Trump said in Miami GOP debate
verifiable:"I opposed TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) and have always opposed TPP."       
verifiable:Ted Cruz: 'I always opposed the TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership)'
verifiable:Common Core is "education through Washington D.C."  
verifiable:Common Core is 'education through Washington, D.C.,' Trump says
verifiable:In 2006, Bernie Sanders "voted in the House with hard-line Republicans for indefinite detention for undocumented immigrants, and then he sided with those Republicans to stand with vigilantes known as Minutemen who were taking up outposts along the border to hunt down immigrants."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders supported Minutemen, indefinite detention for the undocumented
verifiable:"The Clean Power Plan is something that Sen. Sanders has said he would delay implementing."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton wrongly says Bernie Sanders wants to delay the Clean Power Plan
verifiable:"If you look at Latino kids between 17 and 20 who graduated high school, 36 percent of them are unemployed or underemployed. … African-American kids are unemployed or underemployed to the tune of 51 percent."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders' statistic on black, Hispanic unemployment has merit, but may be out of date
verifiable:When Honduran children came into this country, "Secretary Clinton said send them back."  
verifiable:Sanders said Clinton backed return for undocumented kids
verifiable:Regarding her State Department email practices, "my predecessors did the same thing."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton said 'my predecessors did the same thing' with email
verifiable:Banks paid Hillary Clinton "over $1 million and are contributing millions more to elect her."       
verifiable:Hedge fund-backed PAC attacks Clinton's Wall Street ties
verifiable:Says Donald Trump said the government is going to pay for everybody to have health care.  
verifiable:Pro-Ted Cruz PAC wrongly says Donald Trump wants government-run health care
verifiable:"Twenty million Americans are out of work."  
verifiable:John Kasich ad says 20 million Americans 'are out of work'
verifiable:"Almost every poll has shown that Sanders vs. Trump does a lot better than Clinton vs. Trump … and, that’s true nationally."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says he consistently beats Donald Trump by bigger margins than Hillary Clinton does
verifiable:Like Marco Rubio, Sen. Barack Obama had "one of the worst attendance records in the Senate."  
verifiable:Right to Rise correct on comparison between 'worst attendance records' of Marco Rubio, Barack Obama
verifiable:"(Flint, Mich., is) paying three times more for poison water than I am paying in Burlington, Vt., for clean water."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders has a point: Water in Flint much more expensive than in Burlington
verifiable:"When you're white ... you don't know what it's like to be poor."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders wrong to say, 'When you're white ... you don't know what it's like to be poor'
verifiable:Says Bernie Sanders "was against the auto bailout" and "voted against the money that ended up saving the auto industry."  
verifiable:In Michigan, Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders 'was against the auto bailout'
verifiable:"NAFTA, supported by the Secretary (Clinton), cost us 800,000 jobs nationwide."  
verifiable:Sanders overshoots on NAFTA job losses
verifiable:"We have a higher rate of tested lead in people in Cleveland than in Flint."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: Cleveland has higher rates of lead poisoning than Flint
verifiable:"President Obama took more money from Wall Street in the 2008 campaign than anybody ever had."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: Barack Obama set new Wall Street fundraising record when he first ran for president
verifiable:"The Great Wall of China, built 2,000 years ago, is 13,000 miles (long)."  
verifiable:Is Donald Trump right that the Great Wall of China is 2,000 years old and 13,000 miles long?
verifiable:On Donald Trump's track record in business  
verifiable:Mitt Romney praised Donald Trump's business skill in 2012, then flip-flopped in 2016
verifiable:U.S. global AIDS spending helped reduce "political instability and violence" by "40 percent" in recipient nations.       
verifiable:Do U.S. global AIDS dollars build stability, less violence? Hard to prove
verifiable:Says Donald Trump has written 10 checks to Hillary Clinton "and four of those checks were not to her Senate campaign. … It was to her presidential campaign."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says Donald Trump wrote 10 checks to Hillary Clinton campaigns
verifiable:The wives of the 9/11 hijackers "knew exactly what was happening" and went back to Saudi Arabia two days before the attacks to watch their husbands on television flying the planes.  
verifiable:Donald Trump resurrects debunked claim that wives of 9/11 hijackers fled the U.S. days before attack
verifiable:Marco Rubio "has the No. 1 absentee record in the United States" Senate.  
verifiable:Donald Trump is right: Marco Rubio has worst Senate voting record
verifiable:In head-to-head polls for the general election, "I beat Hillary Clinton by more than anybody, by 11 points."  
verifiable:John Kasich correct that he polls best among GOP hopefuls against Hillary Clinton
verifiable:Says Mahatma Gandhi once said, "First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win."  
verifiable:Donald Trump falls for phony Gandhi quote: 'First they ignore you, then they laugh at you ... '
verifiable:"I don't know anything about David Duke."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's absurd claim that he knows nothing about former KKK leader David Duke
verifiable:"Since (welfare reform) was signed into law, the number of families living in extreme poverty has more than doubled."  
verifiable:Sanders: Welfare reform more than doubled 'extreme poverty'
verifiable:Says "Harry Reid, when asked about the Republican field, said the Republican he likes the best is Donald Trump, and he said, because I can work with him. He'll cut deals."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz wrongly says Harry Reid likes Donald Trump best in GOP field
verifiable:"There have been multiple media reports about (Donald Trump's) business dealings with the mob, with the mafia."  
verifiable:Yes, Donald Trump has been linked to the mob
verifiable:"There is not a single candidate in the Republican primary that thinks we should do anything about climate change."  
verifiable:Obama: None of the GOP candidates have climate change plan
verifiable:Says "the New York Times can write a story that they know is false" yet "they can't basically be sued."  
verifiable:Donald Trump wrong that New York Times can't be sued for a 'story that they know is false'
verifiable:"We (Trump University) have an ‘A’ from the Better Business Bureau."       
verifiable:Fact-checking Donald Trump's claims about Trump University
verifiable:Says he supported the 1994 crime bill because "there is a ban on assault weapons in that bill."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders, Chuck Todd debate crime bill vote, assault weapons ban
verifiable:"You are three times more likely to be able to get a mortgage if you're a white applicant than if you're black or Hispanic, even if you have the same credentials."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton is off-base on comparison of mortgage rejections by race
verifiable:"African-Americans are more likely to be arrested by police and sentenced to longer prison terms for doing the same thing that whites do."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says blacks more likely to be arrested, get longer sentences 
verifiable:"A couple of debates ago, (Donald Trump) said if you don’t support socialized health care, you’re heartless."       
verifiable:Ted Cruz twists Donald Trump's talk about health care, 'socialized' medicine
verifiable:Says Donald Trump hired illegal workers "from Poland and he had to pay a million dollars or so in a judgment."  
verifiable:We Googled 'Trump Polish workers.' Here's what we found
verifiable:"When they passed Obamacare, they put a bailout fund in Obamacare. … We led the effort and wiped out that bailout fund."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio: We 'wiped out' Obamacare 'bailout fund' for insurance companies
verifiable:Says Ted Cruz "said I was in favor in Libya. I never discussed that subject."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim he never discussed Libya intervention
verifiable:"If it weren’t for me … (illegal immigration) wouldn’t even be a big subject."       
verifiable:Donald Trump wrongly claims he started immigration debate
verifiable:Says that in the Philippines more than a century ago, Gen. John Pershing "took 50 bullets, and he dipped them in pigs’ blood," and shot 49 Muslim rebels. "The 50th person, he said, ‘You go back to your people, and you tell them what happened.’ And for 25 years, there wasn’t a problem."  
verifiable:Donald Trump cites dubious legend about Gen. Pershing, pig's blood and Muslims
verifiable:"The people that perpetrated that travesty in San Bernardino had never been to the Middle East."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton wrongly says San Bernardino attackers never went to the Middle East
verifiable:With Obamacare, "You have no options .. you can't get competitive bidding."  
verifiable:Trump wrongly says Obamacare has 'no options,' competitive bidding
verifiable:"About 70 percent of Republicans nationwide ... don't think Donald Trump is the right guy" to take on Hillary Clinton in November.  
verifiable:Do Republicans think Donald Trump is the right candidate to beat Hillary Clinton?
verifiable:"Two-thirds of our kids can’t read at grade level."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says two-thirds of U.S. kids can't read at grade level
verifiable:"There's never been a (U.S. Supreme Court) vacancy in the last, I think, 30 years, lasting longer than 237 days."  
verifiable:Sen. Richard Blumenthal correct that the longest Supreme Court vacancy in 30 years has been 237 days
verifiable:"Barack Obama will somehow manage to add more than $8 trillion to the national debt, which is more debt than the 43 presidents who held office before him compiled together."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush says Barack Obama will add more debt than all 43 previous presidents combined
verifiable:Says she will "work to raise the federal minimum wage back to the highest level it’s ever been — $12 an hour in today’s dollars."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says she wants to return minimum wage to high of '$12 an hour in today's dollars'
verifiable:Says Donald "Trump supported impeachment of President (George W.) Bush."       
verifiable:It's true: Donald Trump once supported impeaching George W. Bush
verifiable:Says "the one person (Donald Trump) has suggested that would make a good justice is his sister, who is a court of appeals judge appointed by Bill Clinton. She is a hardcore pro-abortion liberal judge."  
verifiable:Cruz wrongly says Trump's only Supreme Court pick is his sister, a 'hardcore pro-abortion liberal'
verifiable:"When Jeb (Bush) was governor, his first four years as governor, his Medicaid program grew twice as fast as mine."  
verifiable:Kasich: Medicaid spending rose twice as fast under Jeb Bush
verifiable:"It has been 80 years since a Supreme Court vacancy was nominated and confirmed in an election year. There is a long tradition that you don't do this in an election year."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz overstates Supreme Court nomination 'tradition'
verifiable:"There comes a point in the last year of the president, especially in their second term, where you stop nominating" both Supreme Court justices and Court of Appeals judges.  
verifiable:Do presidents stop nominating judges in final year?
verifiable:Says "Joseph Stalin said if you want to bring America down you, have to undermine three things: our spiritual life, our patriotism and our morality."  
verifiable:Ben Carson repeats dubious Stalin quote about bringing down America in CBS debate
verifiable:On the Iraq war, "I said it loud and clear, 'You'll destabilize the Middle East.' "  
verifiable:Donald Trump was not 'loud and clear' in Iraq War opposition
verifiable:The United States has "the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on Earth."       
verifiable:Reports' limitations plague Bernie Sanders' claim about high childhood poverty rates in the U.S.
verifiable:Says Sen. Bernie Sanders has called President Barack Obama "weak. He's called him a disappointment."  
verifiable:Did Bernie Sanders call President Barack Obama 'weak' and 'a disappointment'?
verifiable:"The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse."  
verifiable:Sanders: African-Americans lost half their wealth because of Wall Street collapse
verifiable:"Americans haven’t had a raise in 15 years."  
verifiable:Americans really haven't had a raise in 15 years, as Hillary Clinton says
verifiable:"In America, we pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders has the correct diagnosis: U.S. prescription drug prices typically highest in world
verifiable:"Don't believe those phony numbers when you hear 4.9 and 5 percent unemployment. The number's probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent."  
verifiable:Donald Trump repeats Pants on Fire claim that unemployment rate could be 42 percent
verifiable:"My two appointments to the Florida Supreme Court, Raul Cantero and Kenneth Bell, have earned reputations as its most consistent conservatives."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush says his two picks for Florida Supreme Court have been 'its most consistent conservatives'
verifiable:"I'm self-funding my own campaign."  
verifiable:Is Donald Trump self-funding his campaign? Sort of
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "believes that all abortions should be legal, even on the due date of that unborn child."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says Hillary Clinton supports abortions 'even on the due date'
verifiable:"Not one Republican has the guts to recognize that climate change is real."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders offers overheated claim on where all Republicans stand on climate change
verifiable:Says she "is 6th in hard dollars raised and has more cash on hand than Governors (John) Kasich and (Chris) Christie combined."  
verifiable:Carly Fiorina says her campaign has more cash on hand than John Kasich and Chris Christie combined
verifiable:"Tell me what Madeleine Albright’s position was on the War on Iraq. I wouldn’t be surprised if she supported it."   
verifiable:In foreign policy spat, Bernie Sanders suggests Madeleine Albright supported Iraq invasion
verifiable:"There really isn’t any kind of foreign policy network that is supporting and advising Sen. Sanders."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders doesn't have a foreign policy adviser network 
verifiable:"Right now we’re the highest taxed country in the world."  
verifiable:Donald Trump calls U.S. 'the highest taxed country in the world'
verifiable:Regarding the Iraq War, "I was the one that said, ‘Don’t go, don’t do it, you’re going to destabilize the Middle East.’ "  
verifiable:Donald Trump overstates his early opposition to the Iraq War
verifiable:Says CNN reported Ben Carson was "taking a break from campaigning" and the Cruz campaign "forwarded that news to our volunteers."       
verifiable:Ted Cruz falsely says campaign simply 'forwarded' CNN's report on Ben Carson
verifiable:"I waited until (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) had actually been negotiated" before deciding whether to endorse it.  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says she didn't endorse the TPP trade deal until it was actually negotiated
verifiable:Says Bernie Sanders advocated putting "Iranian troops into Syria to try and resolve the conflict there. Putting them right on the doorstep of Israel."       
verifiable:Clinton says Sanders proposed Iranian troops in Syria
verifiable:Says a Sanders campaign ad "never said ... a newspaper endorsed us that did not."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders mistaken about whether his campaign's ad had cited a nonexistent endorsement
verifiable:Americans "are working longer hours for low wages . . . and yet almost all new income and wealth is going to the top 1 percent."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders exaggerates concentration of wealth, income for top 1 percent
verifiable:China is "practicing how to blow up our satellites."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says China is 'practicing how to blow up our satellites'
verifiable:"During eight years under Ronald Reagan, African-American median income rose by about $5,000."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz off on claim that median African-American income rose $5,000 under Reagan
verifiable:The 2013 immigration bill "expanded President Obama’s ability to bring Syrian refugees to this country without mandating any meaningful background checks."  
verifiable:Cruz repeats False attack about immigration bill letting Syrians in U.S. without background checks
verifiable:"While our people work longer hours for lower wages, almost all new income goes to the top 1 percent."  
verifiable:Mixed bag for Bernie Sanders' claim about wages, hours, income growth
verifiable:The debt "comes up all the time in town meetings ... but it's never asked in the debates. It's really weird. It hasn't been brought up."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush wrong to claim national debt never a debate topic
verifiable:Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich had "the worst rating on spending of any governor in the country, Republican or Democrat."  
verifiable:Does John Kasich have 'worst rating on spending of any governor in the country'? 
verifiable:When terrorists killed more than 250 Americans in Lebanon under Ronald Reagan, "the Democrats didn’t make that a partisan issue."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton compares Benghazi to 1983 attack on Marines in Beirut
verifiable:"Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have the identical position on health care, which is they want to put the government in charge of you and your doctor."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz's false claim that Trump, Clinton and Sanders 'have the identical position on health care'
verifiable:"We have more illegal immigrants here" than we did five years ago.  
verifiable:Marco Rubio incorrectly says illegal immigrant population is higher than 5 years ago
verifiable:Obamacare "is the biggest job-killer in this country -- millions of Americans have lost their jobs, have been forced into part-time work."       
verifiable:Ted Cruz's Pants on Fire claim that health care law is nation's 'biggest job-killer'
verifiable:"I never once asked that (Megyn Kelly) be removed" as a debate moderator.  
verifiable:Donald Trump falsely claims he 'never once asked' for Megyn Kelly's removal from debate
verifiable:"Last year, there were an additional 81,000 pages of government regulations. If you stack that up, it would be a three-story building."  
verifiable:Ben Carson: Stacked up, total pages of regulations from 2015 are 3 stories high
verifiable:"A third of the budget for the city of Ferguson (Missouri) was being reaped by civil fines."  
verifiable:Budgets from Ferguson, Mo., don't support Rand Paul's claim on the city's reliance on civil fines
verifiable:Neighbors of the San Bernardino shooters "knew that they were talking about trying to take our country and attack it."       
verifiable:Christie says neighbors of San Bernardino shooters knew more than they did
verifiable:"I have not insulted Donald personally."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz said he never insulted Donald Trump. The record suggests otherwise
verifiable:"Barack Obama, right now, No. 1, over seven years has dramatically degraded our military."       
verifiable:Ted Cruz says Barack Obama 'dramatically degraded our military'
verifiable:"I am the only candidate on either side who has laid out a specific plan about what I would do to defeat ISIS."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton wrong to say she's only candidate to lay out a 'specific plan' to fight ISIS
verifiable:Says his views on reparations for slavery are the same as Barack Obama's and Hillary Clinton's.   
verifiable:What Bernie Sanders, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have said about reparations for slavery
verifiable:"Almost all of the polls that have come out suggest that I am a much stronger candidate against the Republicans than is Hillary Clinton."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says he polls better against GOP candidates than Hillary Clinton
verifiable:"Fifty years ago, the average GM employee could pay for a year of a son or daughter’s college tuition on just two weeks wages."  
verifiable:Could a GM worker afford college tuition on just two weeks' work in 1965?
verifiable:Says a Ted Cruz ad has "got me bull-dozing down a house. I never bulldozed it down. It's false advertising."  
verifiable:Donald Trump calls out Ted Cruz ad about Trump bulldozing a widow's home as 'false advertising'
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "thinks that climate change is a hoax, invented by the Chinese."  
verifiable:What Donald Trump said about the Chinese inventing the 'hoax' of climate change
verifiable:China has "total control, just about, of North Korea."  
verifiable:Donald Trump exaggerates when he says China has 'total control' over North Korea
verifiable:"I have a D-minus voting record from the NRA."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders’ NRA report card: D-minus is most recent grade
verifiable:The United States has a "record number of abortions year after year after year."  
verifiable:Carly Fiorina incorrect that U.S. has a 'record number of abortions year after year'
verifiable:"Every piece of legislation, just about, that I ever introduced (in the U.S. Senate) had a Republican co-sponsor."   
verifiable:Spot check of Hillary Clinton's Senate record fails to support bipartisanship claim
verifiable:"Today, if you were raised poor, you’re just as likely to stay poor as you were 50 years ago."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan says 'if you were raised poor, you’re just as likely to stay poor' as 50 years ago
verifiable:"Very little of (the defense) budget — less than 10 percent — actually goes into fighting ISIS and international terrorism."  
verifiable:Less than 10 percent of defense budget is for fighting terrorism, Sanders says
verifiable:"I helped write" the Affordable Care Act.  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders exaggerates with claim that he helped write Obamacare
verifiable:"We now have driven (health care) costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: 'We now have driven costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years'
verifiable:Says Bernie Sanders "voted for what we call the 'Charleston Loophole.'"  
verifiable:Fact-checking Hillary Clinton's claim that Bernie Sanders supported 'Charleston Loophole'
verifiable:Says Bernie Sanders "has reversed his position on immunity" for gun manufacturers and sellers.  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton correct that Bernie Sanders flip-flopped on liability for gun makers, sellers
verifiable:Hostages were released as soon as Ronald Reagan took office because Iran perceived that America was "no longer under the command of someone weak."  
verifiable:Rubio wrongly credits Reagan for 1981 release of hostages from Iran
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton called Barack Obama "naive" for saying he was would "sit down and talk to the Iranians" during the 2008 Democratic primary.       
verifiable:Sanders: Obama was right, Clinton was wrong on Iran
verifiable:Says Sen. Ted Cruz used to be "in favor of birthright citizenship" but is now against it.  
verifiable:Rubio mischaracterizes Cruz's statement on birthright citizenship
verifiable:Says Marco Rubio "knows full well I voted for his amendment to increase military spending to $697 billion."  
verifiable:Cruz is right in back-and-forth with Rubio about vote on defense spending
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama "appointed Eric Holder as attorney general. Eric Holder said he viewed his mission as brainwashing the American people against guns."  
verifiable:Did former Attorney General Eric Holder say he viewed his mission as 'brainwashing' against guns?
verifiable:"I didn’t support Sonia Sotomayor."            
verifiable:Chris Christie says 'I didn’t support Sonia Sotomayor' -- but he did
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "is under investigation with the FBI right now."  
verifiable:Here's what's wrong with Jeb Bush saying Hillary Clinton is under FBI investigation
verifiable:"We have the lowest percentage of Americans working today of any year since 1977."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says U.S. has 'lowest percentage of Americans working today of any year since 1977'
verifiable:Among Syrian refugees and migrants coming into Europe, "there look like very few women. Very few children."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's false claim that refugees, migrants are mostly 'strong, powerful men'
verifiable:"The United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. has 'strongest, most durable economy in the world' during State of the Union
verifiable:Says Chris Christie "instituted an Internet sales tax."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio super PAC says Chris Christie imposed an Internet tax in New Jersey
verifiable:Says Bernie Sanders’ health care plan would "empower Republican governors to take away Medicaid, to take away health insurance for low-income and middle-income working Americans."  
verifiable:Chelsea Clinton mischaracterizes Bernie Sanders' health care plan
verifiable:Until the new Iran deal, China and Russia "have never voted with us at the U.N. on any sanctions on Iran in the past."  
verifiable:Pelosi wrongly says before nuclear deal, Russia, China had never voted with U.S. on Iran sanctions
verifiable:"As governor of Florida, I used a combination of strategies to help reduce heroin use among youth in Florida by approximately 50 percent."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush says as governor, he helped reduce youth heroin use in Florida by 50 percent
verifiable:"We spend more on our military than the next eight nations combined."  
verifiable:Obama: US spends more on military than next 8 nations combined
verifiable:We've "lifted high school graduation rates to new highs."  
verifiable:High school graduation rates are at 'new highs,' says Obama in State of the Union
verifiable:The economy is "too weak to raise income levels."  
verifiable:Economy is 'too weak to raise income levels,' says Nikki Haley in State of the Union response 
verifiable:"Our businesses have created jobs every single month since (Obamacare) became law."  
verifiable:Business has created jobs every month since Obamacare became law, Obama said in State of the Union
verifiable:We have cut "our deficits by almost three-quarters."  
verifiable:We have cut 'our deficits by almost three-quarters,' Obama says in State of the Union
verifiable:"We get practically nothing compared to the cost of" keeping U.S. military forces in South Korea.  
verifiable:Donald Trump mostly wrong that 'we get practically nothing' from South Korea for U.S. troop presence
verifiable:The five Guantanamo detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are "back on the battlefield."       
verifiable:Donald Trump repeats wrong claim that prisoners swapped for Bergdahl are 'back on the battlefield'
verifiable:"When we held recent economic dialogues with China, we agreed on over 100 different things  —  including wildlife trafficking and volcano research. None of these 100-plus points of agreement addressed cybersecurity."  
verifiable:Carly Fiorina says U.S. didn't address cybersecurity in economic dialogues with China
verifiable:"Marco Rubio voted against authorizing President Obama to strike Syria after Assad used chemical weapons on his own people."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton's Syrian airstrikes claim against Marco Rubio ignores difference in strategy
verifiable:"A violent felon can buy (a gun) over the Internet with no background check, no questions asked."  
verifiable:Obama: Violent felons can buy guns online without background checks
verifiable:A Trump television ad shows Mexicans swarming over "our southern border."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's first TV ad shows migrants 'at the southern border,' but they're actually in Morocco
verifiable:"Everywhere that we have more citizens carrying guns, crime is less. There's a study showing that where states have open carry or concealed carry, but particularly open carry, the crime is down 25 percent."  
verifiable:Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick claims states where people carry guns have less crime
verifiable:"Both Cruz and Rubio are missing the vast majority of their votes."  
verifiable:Rand Paul overstates missed votes for Ted Cruz but not Marco Rubio
verifiable:"We didn't go out and take" information from the Hillary Clinton campaign.  
verifiable:Sanders spins the facts when he says campaign did not 'go out and take' Clinton data
verifiable:Says Bernie Sanders "voted for regime change with respect to Libya."   
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders voted for regime change in Libya
verifiable:Says the Obama administration invited "Russia into Syria."  
verifiable:Chris Christie mostly wrong that Barack Obama invited Russia into military role in Syria
verifiable:Says American polling shows Russian President Vladimir Putin has "an 80 percent approval rating."  
verifiable:Donald Trump is right about Putin's popularity in Russia
verifiable:The Affordable Care Act is "making families pay double-digit premium increases."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan's shaky claim that Obamacare is 'making families pay double-digit premium increases'
verifiable:The United States spends "almost three times per capita what they spend in the U.K." on health care and "50 percent more than they pay in France."  
verifiable:Fact-checking Sanders' claim that U.S. spends 3 times per capita what the U.K. spends on health care
verifiable:  "Secretary Clinton changes her position on (gun issues) every election year, it seems, having one position in 2000 and then campaigning against President Obama and saying we don't need federal standards."    
verifiable:Fact-checking O'Malley's claim that Hillary Clinton flips on gun issues 'every election'
verifiable:ISIS is "going to people showing videos of Donald Trump insulting Islam and Muslims in order to recruit more radical jihadists."  
verifiable:No evidence for Hillary Clinton's claim that ISIS is using videos of Donald Trump as recruiting tool
verifiable:"One of the most troubling aspects of the Rubio-Schumer Gang of Eight bill was that it gave President Obama blanket authority to admit refugees, including Syrian refugees, without mandating any background checks whatsoever."  
verifiable:Cruz muddles accusation against Rubio's 2013 immigration bill
verifiable:"Our larger domestic threat is from racial supremacist groups."       
verifiable:Rep. Carson miscasts racial supremacists as greater threat than jihadists
verifiable:The 9/11 terrorists' friends, family, girlfriends in the United States "were sent back for the most part to Saudi Arabia. They knew what was going on. They went home, and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television."  
verifiable:Trump repeats tale of flights home of 9/11 hijackers' wives, girlfriends, families
verifiable:"If you are going to kill the families of terrorists, realize that there's something called the Geneva Convention we're going to have to pull out of."  
verifiable:Geneva Conventions bar Donald Trump's idea of killing terrorists' families, as Rand Paul says
verifiable:Regarding the USA Freedom Act, "There is nothing we are allowed to do under this bill that we could not do before."  
verifiable:Rubio and Cruz spar over domestic surveillance program
verifiable:Says carpet bombing means bombing "not a city, but the location of the troops," with "embedded special forces to direct the air power."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz misfires on definition of 'carpet bombing' in GOP debate
verifiable:"One of the things I would immediately do … is bring back the warrior class -- Petraeus, McChrystal, Mattis, Keane, Flynn. ... Every one was retired early because they told President Obama things that he didn’t want to hear."  
verifiable:Carly Fiorina claims military generals 'retired early' after being frank with Obama
verifiable:Says Marco Rubio "is the one for an open border."       
verifiable:Rand Paul said that Marco Rubio is for an 'open border'
verifiable:"Two months ago, Donald Trump said that ISIS was not our fight."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush largely right in CNN debate that Donald Trump said 'ISIS was not our fight' 2 months ago
verifiable:"The head of the FBI has told Congress they cannot vet those (Syrian) refugees."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz's claim that the head of the FBI told Congress 'they cannot vet those refugees' from Syria
verifiable:"We're practically not allowed to use coal any more. What do we do with our coal? We ship it to China and they spew it in the air."  
verifiable:Donald Trump exaggerates how much coal in U.S. has been phased out
verifiable:"Mike Morell testified and told Congress that the reason Obama has not bombed ISIS' oil fields is they're concerned about global warming."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz misquotes CIA official, makes false claim on bombing ISIS oil and climate change
verifiable:"The states have always defined marriage."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says the states have always defined marriage
verifiable:"Three or four countries" out of roughly 60 in the anti-ISIS coalition "are providing military force."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio largely right that only 3 or 4 countries are taking significant military shots at ISIS 
verifiable:"Most of the black scientists in this country don't come from schools like the University of Texas. They come from lesser schools."  
verifiable:Scalia says most black scientists went to 'lesser' colleges
verifiable:Says 25 percent of U.S. Muslims "agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad."  
verifiable:Trump cites shaky survey in call to ban Muslims from entering US
verifiable:Barack Obama’s Columbia University ID says he was a foreign student and went by "Barry Soetoro."  
verifiable:No, a college ID does not show Barack Obama was a foreign student at Columbia University
verifiable:"In France, they have a (surveillance) program a thousandfold more invasive" than the United States.  
verifiable:Rand Paul largely correct that French electronic surveillance law is stronger than what U.S. has
verifiable:"Technically, (Ted Cruz is) not even an American."  
verifiable:Grayson wrongly says Cruz not an American
verifiable:A Muslim immigrant in Michigan can list his second, third or fourth wives as "extended family" and qualify for welfare.  
verifiable:YouTube video says Michigan Muslims can list multiple wives as 'extended family' for welfare
verifiable:The Charleston, S.C., shooter "should have never been given a gun, but the universal background check was not fast enough."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says background check of Charleston church shooter wasn't 'fast enough'
verifiable:"There are over 700,000 Americans on some watch list or another that would all be captured" in a Democratic amendment intended to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns.  
verifiable:Marco Rubio: 700,000 Americans could be affected by bill tying terrorist watch list to gun purchases
verifiable:"Ted Cruz tried to ban contraception" five times.  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton's exaggerated claim that Ted Cruz 'tried to ban contraception' five times
verifiable:"It is already in the law that there is a requirement to screen (refugees) for religion."  
verifiable:Bush says law requires religious screening of refugees
verifiable:Says there are "ample means" to "tell when someone is a Christian in the Middle East ... by name, by where they’re born, their birth certificates."       
verifiable:Identifying Middle Eastern Christians can be harder than Bush suggests
verifiable:"Here’s the simple and undeniable fact: The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats."  
verifiable:Are the 'overwhelming majority of violent criminals' Democrats? Ted Cruz said so
verifiable:"The Family Research Council, according to some government agencies, is a terrorist group."  
verifiable:Ben Carson incorrect that a government agency considers Family Research Council a terrorist group
verifiable:"Instead of fighting ISIS, (the Saudis) have focused more on a campaign to oust Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders is right: Saudi Arabia is more focused on the conflict in Yemen than fighting ISIS
verifiable:Says crime statistics show blacks kill 81 percent of white homicide victims.       
verifiable:Trump's Pants on Fire tweet that blacks killed 81% of white homicide victims
verifiable:"The Libyan people have voted twice in free and fair elections for the kind of leadership they want."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says 'the Libyan people have voted twice in free and fair elections'
verifiable:"I spent 18 months putting together the sanctions against Iran so that we could force them to the negotiating table."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says she helped usher Iran to the negotiating table
verifiable:"I watched in Jersey City, N.J., where thousands and thousands of people were cheering" as the World Trade Center collapsed.            
verifiable:Fact-checking Trump's claim that thousands in New Jersey cheered when World Trade Center tumbled
verifiable:The New York Police Department used to have "surveillance going on in and around mosques in New York City. ... Our mayor totally cut that out."  
verifiable:Trump says NYPD used to spy on mosques
verifiable:Says David Vitter "answered a prostitute’s call minutes after he skipped a vote honoring 28 soldiers who gave their lives in defense of our freedom."  
verifiable:Phone, voting records back up claims in attack ad against David Vitter
verifiable:"There is currently no ability to vet these people," referring to Syrian refugees.  
verifiable:Ben Carson: 'There is currently no ability to vet' Syrian refugees
verifiable:The federal government is sending refugees to states with governors who are "Republicans, not to the Democrats."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Obama administration is pushing refugees toward states with GOP governors
verifiable:"The United States (is) the largest provider of humanitarian assistance to displaced persons and refugees."  
verifiable:Obama: U.S. is largest donor for displaced persons, refugee relief
verifiable:In Japan, "permanent residency is not given to Muslims," the "propagation of Islam" is banned, "one cannot import a Koran published in the Arabic language," and "Muslims cannot even rent a house."  
verifiable:Viral graphic says Japan keeps out radical Islam through strong restrictions on Muslims
verifiable:"Since we last debated in Las Vegas, nearly 3,000 people have been killed by guns."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: 3,000 killed by guns between Nevada and Iowa Democratic debates
verifiable:Climate change is "directly related" to the growth of terrorism.  
verifiable:Fact-checking Bernie Sanders' comments on climate change and terrorism
verifiable:When President Barack Obama said ISIS, or ISIL, was contained, he "was responding very specifically to the geographic expansion of ISIL in Iraq and Syria."  
verifiable:What Barack Obama said about ISIS being contained
verifiable:"It takes almost a year for a refugee to be processed in the United States."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush: 'It takes almost a year for a refugee to be processed in the United States'
verifiable:Out of the total U.S. military budget, "significantly less than 10 percent of that money is used to fight international terrorism."       
verifiable:Sanders: 'Significantly less than 10%' of defense dollars go to fight terrorism
verifiable:The United States is "the only major country on earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says U.S. is only major country that doesn't guarantee health care as a right
verifiable:Says income tax rates under Eisenhower were as high as 90 percent.  
verifiable:Income tax rates were 90 percent under Eisenhower, Sanders says
verifiable:"Net immigration from Mexico last year was zero. Fact-check me."  
verifiable:Martin O'Malley: Net migration from Mexico was 0 in 2014
verifiable:"Wages adjusted for inflation haven’t risen since the turn of the last century."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says wages haven't risen since turn of the century
verifiable:"The Chinese are there" in Syria.  
verifiable:Ben Carson says China is involved in the Syrian conflict
verifiable:The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has "no congressional oversight."  
verifiable:Carly Fiorina says Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has 'no congressional oversight'
verifiable:The Trans-Pacific Partnership "was designed for China to come in, as they always do, through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone."  
verifiable:Trump says China gets an advantage from the Trans-Pacific Partnership
verifiable:The Democrats plan "to raise your tax rates to 70 or 80 percent."  
verifiable:Chris Christie's false claim that Democrats are going to raise taxes to 70 or 80 percent
verifiable:"Over half of the black workers in this country earn less" than $15 an hour.  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says over half of black workers earn less than $15 an hour
verifiable:"Obamacare isn't helping anyone."  
verifiable:Carly Fiorina says 'Obamacare isn't helping anyone'
verifiable:Says President Dwight Eisenhower "moved 1.5 million illegal immigrants out of this country."  
verifiable:Trump: Eisenhower deported 1.5 million immigrants
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton told her daughter and a government official that Benghazi "was a terrorist attack, and then tells everybody else that it was a video."       
verifiable:Ben Carson says Hillary Clinton gave conflicting accounts about Benghazi
verifiable:"Welders make more money than philosophers."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio said wrongly that welders make more money than philosophers
verifiable:"Only one out of five of the so-called ‘Syrian refugees’ who went into Europe were actually Syrian."  
verifiable:Huckabee: Most Syrian refugees are not Syrian, but want free sandwiches
verifiable:"There are more words in the IRS code than there are in the Bible."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says U.S. tax code has more words than the Bible
verifiable: Income inequality "seems to be worst in cities run by Democrats."  
verifiable:At debate, Rand Paul says income inequality is worse in cities run by Democrats
verifiable:"Every time we raise the minimum wage, the number of jobless people increases."  
verifiable:Ben Carson said raising the minimum wage will increase joblessness
verifiable:"We’re losing now over $500 billion a year in terms of imbalance with China."  
verifiable:Trump says that trade imbalance between U.S. and China tops $500B
verifiable:"There’s only one of us who’s actually cut government spending -- not two, there’s one and you’re looking at him."  
verifiable:Bobby Jindal says he's the only one who's cut spending, offers Christie a juice box
verifiable:Says the United States is in "the worst recovery from an economic recession since World War II."  
verifiable:Christie: The U.S. is in the worst recovery since WWII
verifiable:"When President Obama was running for re-election … Senator Sanders was trying to find someone to primary him."  
verifiable:Fact-checking Martin O'Malley's claim that Bernie Sanders sought primary challenger to Obama
verifiable:"Go look on the West Point website and you’ll see those specific words, ‘full scholarship to West Point.’ So even though it is, you know, given as a grant for anybody who gets in, those words are used."       
verifiable:Fact-checking Ben Carson's defense of his West Point scholarship story
verifiable:Says that in polls about 2016 candidate leadership skills, he comes out "two and three and four times higher than anybody else."  
verifiable:Trump: 'My numbers on leadership, it’s two or three or four times higher than anybody else'
verifiable:"Every signer of the Declaration of Independence had no federal elected office experience."  
verifiable:Ben Carson's Pants on Fire claim that no signer of the Declaration of Independence held office
verifiable:Says his plan would cut taxes without increasing the deficit.  
verifiable:Donald Trump's false claim that his tax plan wouldn't increase the deficit
verifiable:Says his tax plan wouldn't leave the federal government with a $1.1 trillion hole.  
verifiable:Does Ben Carson's tithe-based tax plan lead to a $1 trillion hole?
verifiable:Under his tax plan, "the greatest gains, percentage-wise," will be "at the lower end of our plan."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says biggest percentage gains from his tax plan will accrue to lowest-income groups
verifiable:The CNBC debate was supposed to be three hours, and he "renegotiated it down to two hours."  
verifiable:Donald Trump vs. John Harwood on length of CNBC debate
verifiable:Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich "got lucky with a thing called fracking," which "is why Ohio is doing well."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's fracked-up claim on shale's economic impact in Ohio
verifiable:The debt limit deal "allows President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says debt limit deal 'allows President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money'
verifiable:"If you look at the three people on the (debate) stage from the United States Senate, all three of them have a combined two bills that became law that they've sponsored."       
verifiable:Jeb Bush says that Rubio, Cruz and Paul have a combined 'two bills that became law'
verifiable:"We have record numbers of people living in poverty."  
verifiable:Fiorina defends her GOP debate remarks, claims U.S. has 'record numbers of people living in poverty
verifiable:Among manufacturers with fewer than 50 employees, "the average cost in terms of regulations is $34,000 per employee."       
verifiable:At CNBC debate, Ben Carson cites high cost of regulations for small manufacturers
verifiable:"Under Barack Obama and the big government economy, the median wage for women has dropped $733."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says median wage for women has dropped $733 under Obama
verifiable:"92 percent of the jobs lost during Barack Obama’s first term belonged to women."  
verifiable:Fiorina levies out-of-date charge on women job losses under Obama
verifiable:Says he "didn’t have an involvement with" nutritional supplement company Mannatech.  
verifiable:At debate, Ben Carson says he has no connection to Mannatech
verifiable:"I never said that" Marco Rubio was Mark Zuckerberg’s personal senator.  
verifiable:Donald Trump didn't realize his own website called Marco Rubio 'Mark Zuckerberg's personal senator'
verifiable:"For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses closing than starting."  
verifiable:Rubio says more businesses are closing than opening for the first time in 35 years
verifiable:Bernie Sanders’s plan is "to raise your taxes to 90 percent."  
verifiable:Chris Christie says Bernie Sanders’s plan is 'to raise your taxes to 90 percent'
verifiable:Unlike Benghazi, there were no investigations of the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing, none about key aspects of the 9/11 attacks and the Iraq War, and none about embassy attacks under George W. Bush.  
verifiable:Internet graphic asks why the focus on Benghazi when other attacks were never investigated at all
verifiable:"German citizens were disarmed by their government in the late 1930s," which allowed the Nazis to "carry out their evil intentions with relatively little resistance."            
verifiable:Fact-checking Ben Carson's claim that gun control laws allowed the Nazis to carry out Holocaust
verifiable:Because of Obamacare "people’s premiums ... are going up 35, 45, 55 percent."       
verifiable:Trump: Obamacare health care premiums 'going up 35, 45, 55 percent'
verifiable:Says John Kerry "is the first secretary of state to rely primarily on a government account."       
verifiable:Clinton says John Kerry was the first secretary of state to rely on a government email account
verifiable:Says Denmark’s suicide rate has been about twice as high as the United States’ over the past five decades.  
verifiable:Internet graphic says suicide rate is much higher in Denmark than United States
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "couldn't bring herself to say we need to separate commercial banking and speculative banking, namely reinstating Glass-Steagall."  
verifiable:O'Malley: Hillary Clinton doesn't want to reinstate Glass-Steagall
verifiable:Says CIA Director George Tenet told the Bush administration that the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attack "was coming. So they did have advanced notice."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says CIA warned George W. Bush of Sept. 11 attacks
verifiable:"Republican leadership took the lead confirming Loretta Lynch as attorney general."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says GOP leadership 'took the lead confirming Loretta Lynch as attorney general'
verifiable:Says Bernie Sanders once said, "Instead of removing the conditions that make people depressed, modern society gives them antidepressant drugs."  
verifiable:Internet graphic says Bernie Sanders slammed antidepressants, but quote is actually the Unabomber's
verifiable:The gun industry is "the only business in America that is wholly protected from any kind of liability."  
verifiable:Clinton: Gun industry is 'wholly protected' from all lawsuits
verifiable:"Fifteen out of the 20 most polluted cities in the world" are in India and China.  
verifiable:15 of 20 most polluted cities in world are in India, China, says Jim Webb 
verifiable:"We are imprisoning or giving jail sentences to young people who are smoking marijuana."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says people are getting prison sentences for smoking marijuana
verifiable:Says Edward Snowden "could have gotten all of the protections of being a whistleblower."       
verifiable:Hillary Clinton claims Edward Snowden had whistleblower protections, didn't use them
verifiable:"Every other major country" has family paid leave.  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says 'every other major country' has family paid leave except United States
verifiable:On the Keystone XL pipeline  
verifiable:Clinton says her Keystone XL position isn't a flip-flop
verifiable:"Today in America, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders: The United States has 'more people in jail than any other country on Earth'
verifiable:Says as secretary of state she was reserving judgment about the Trans-Pacific Partnership and "hoped it would be the gold standard."  
verifiable:What Hillary Clinton really said about TPP and the 'gold standard'
verifiable:"African-American youth unemployment is 51 percent. Hispanic youth unemployment is 36 percent."  
verifiable:In debate, Bernie Sanders says African-American youth unemployment is 51%, and 36% for Hispanics
verifiable:"Sen. Sanders did vote five times against the Brady bill."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: Bernie Sanders voted against Brady bill five times
verifiable:"There have been seven investigations (of Benghazi) led mostly by Republicans in the Congress" that concluded "nobody did anything wrong, but there were changes we could make."  
verifiable:Clinton: 7 Benghazi probes so far
verifiable:"When we had a conservative Republican president we were losing 750,000 jobs a month."       
verifiable:Wasserman Schultz: Under 'conservative Republican president we were losing 750,000 jobs a month'
verifiable:Says Republican Rep. Charlie Dent wants to kick the Freedom Caucus out of the Republican conference "for voting our conscience."       
verifiable:Understanding the Freedom Caucus divide with House Republicans
verifiable:"In the class of 1968 at Patrice Lumumba University in Moscow, Mahmoud Abbas was one of the members of that class, and so was Ali Khamenei. And that's where they first established relationships with the young Vladimir Putin."  
verifiable:Ben Carson says Mahmoud Abbas, Ali Khamenei, Vladimir Putin knew each other in 1968 Moscow
verifiable:"While 38 percent of (firearms) dealers that were inspected in 2011 were noncompliant with federal law, only 0.05 percent of inspected dealers had their licenses revoked."  
verifiable:Less than 1% of noncompliant gun dealers get their licenses revoked. Here's why
verifiable:On the Trans-Pacific Partnership.  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton flip-flops on Trans-Pacific Partnership
verifiable:Says Donald Trump "supports eminent domain" and the Supreme Court’s Kelo decision.   
verifiable:Trump supports eminent domain 'abuse,' says conservative Club for Growth
verifiable:Today, the deficit is "below the average deficits over the past 40 years."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says deficit is now below its 40-year average
verifiable:"States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths."  
verifiable:Obama: More gun laws means fewer gun deaths
verifiable:Planned Parenthood "is an organization that funnels millions of dollars in political contributions to pro-abortion candidates."  
verifiable:Carly Fiorina says Planned Parenthood gives 'millions' to candidates
verifiable:Number of Americans killed by terrorism in the last decade: 24. Number of Americans killed by guns in the last decade: 280,024.  
verifiable:Fact-checking a comparison of gun deaths and terrorism deaths
verifiable:Among Syrian refugees, "there aren't that many women, there aren't that many children."  
verifiable:Donald Trump: Syrian refugees potentially headed to U.S. are mostly men
verifiable:The Benghazi probe is "the longest-running congressional investigation ever."  
verifiable:Clinton campaign: Benghazi probe is Congress' longest investigation ever
verifiable:In 2006, Planned Parenthood performed more prevention services and cancer screenings than abortions, but in 2013, there were more abortions.  
verifiable:Chart shown at Planned Parenthood hearing is misleading and 'ethically wrong'
verifiable:"Unlike virtually every other campaign, we don't have a super PAC."  
verifiable:Is Bernie Sanders the only presidential candidate without a super PAC?
verifiable:The unemployment rate may be as high as "42 percent."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says the unemployment rate may be 42 percent
verifiable:"When I left Washington, we had a $5 trillion surplus."  
verifiable:John Kasich says when he left the U.S. House, 'we had a $5 trillion surplus'
verifiable:"There’s no money" for Planned Parenthood in the bill that would keep the government open.  
verifiable:Is there Planned Parenthood funding in the bill that stops a government shutdown?
verifiable:The largest low-wage employer "is not McDonalds or Walmart but the U.S. government."       
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says federal government, not McDonald's or Walmart, is biggest low-wage employer
verifiable:"We've had examples like in Yuma County, where we've been able to stop 97 percent of the illegal (immigration) flow, and those programs, they abolish."  
verifiable:Ben Carson claimed program that led to 97% illegal immigration drop has been 'abolished'
verifiable:The tax policies of George W. Bush "created a dynamic effect of high growth."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush says tax policies of George W. Bush 'created a dynamic effect of high growth'
verifiable:There is not "one of the Muslim nations" that doesn't have "discrimination against women, discrimination against gays, subjugation of other religious beliefs."  
verifiable:Ben Carson: Do any Muslim countries have women's rights, gay rights or religious freedom?
verifiable:"When (Ronald) Reagan came in, from 1978 to 1982, economic growth averaged less than 1 percent a year. There’s only one other four-year period where that’s true. That’s true from 2008 to 2012."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says slow economic growth under Jimmy Carter, Barack Obama stands apart
verifiable:"The birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!"       
verifiable:Did Hillary Clinton start the Obama birther movement?
verifiable:Says "the cascading effects" of climate change contributed to the rise of ISIS.  
verifiable:Fact-checking the link between climate change and ISIS
verifiable:"Under Republicans, recessions happen four times as frequently as under Democrats."       
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: Recessions more frequent under Republicans than Democrats
verifiable:Says Bernie Sanders opposes "requiring all children to have a K-12 education."  
verifiable:Web graphic says Bernie Sanders doesn't support compulsory K-12 education
verifiable:When Carly Fiorina says Hewlett-Packard "revenues went up, that's because she bought Compaq. It was a terrible deal."  
verifiable:Fact-checking Donald Trump's attack on Carly Fiorina's record at Hewlett-Packard 
verifiable:Says Donald Trump was "forced to file for bankruptcy not once, not twice, four times."  
verifiable:Fact-checking claims about Donald Trump's four bankruptcies
verifiable:"We had a three-hour debate, no discussion about the national debt, very little about the economy."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says CNN debate had no question on debt and little about the economy
verifiable:"There's never been a direct Supreme Court case on people who were here illegally, whether or not their kids are citizens."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says legality of birthright citizenship not fully adjudicated due to facts of 1898 case
verifiable:"You know our current president is (Muslim). You know he's not even an American."       
verifiable:Obama is Muslim, audience member says to Donald Trump -- in 2015
verifiable:The government "made accommodation to the Fort Hood shooter to let him grow a beard" for religious reasons.       
verifiable:Did the Ft. Hood shooter get to keep his beard on religious grounds? No
verifiable:One of the Planned Parenthood videos shows "a fully formed fetus on the table, its heart beating, its legs kicking, while someone says, 'We have to keep it alive to harvest its brain.' "  
verifiable:At CNN debate, Carly Fiorina urges others to watch Planned Parenthood videos
verifiable:Says Marco Rubio has "the worst voting record there is today."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Marco Rubio has 'worst voting record there is today'
verifiable:Says Mexico doesn't have birthright citizenship, and Americans are the "only ones" to have it.  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Mexico doesn't have birthright citizenship
verifiable:"The marijuana that kids are smoking today is not the same as the marijuana that Jeb Bush smoked 40 years ago."            
verifiable: Carly Fiorina says pot is stronger today than in the past
verifiable:"We've just now given over $100 billion" to Iran, "the equivalent in U.S. terms is $5 trillion."       
verifiable:Huckabee: U.S. is giving Iran the equivalent of $5 trillion
verifiable:"A majority of the men and women on this stage have previously and publicly embraced amnesty. I am the only candidate on this stage who has never supported amnesty."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz: most GOP candidates 'publicly embraced amnesty'
verifiable:Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker turned a $1 billion surplus into a $2.2 billion budget deficit.  
verifiable:Trump: Walker turned a $1 billion surplus into a $2.2 budget shortfall
verifiable:"The top man at Yale Law School came out ... with just a raging report" about former HP CEO Carly Fiorina, saying she is "one of the worst executives in his memory in history running the company."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Yale Law's 'top man' criticized former HP CEO Carly Fiorina
verifiable:"I'm the only governor in America ... who signed a law that says there needs to be an independent investigation any time there's a death of someone in police custody."  
verifiable:Scott Walker: I'm the only governor to sign law requiring investigations of deaths in police custody
verifiable:"The Iran Deal will facilitate and accelerate the nation of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons."       
verifiable:Ted Cruz says deal will 'facilitate and accelerate' Iran getting a nuclear bomb
verifiable:"Unions did not create" the eight-hour work day and the 40-hour work week. "Henry Ford did."  
verifiable:Does the 8-hour day and the 40-hour week come from Henry Ford, or labor unions?
verifiable:"I cut state spending more than anybody (in the 2016 GOP field)."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush says he's cut spending 'more than anybody'
verifiable:"Twenty-three million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says '23 million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment'
verifiable:The nuclear agreement with Iran "never sunsets. There's no sunset in this agreement."  
verifiable:John Kerry says Iran nuclear agreement 'never sunsets. There's no sunset in this agreement'
verifiable:The claim that 97 percent of scientists believe humans are causing climate change has been debunked by the "head" of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. "That number was pulled out of thin air."  
verifiable:Santorum: UN climate head debunked widely cited 97% climate change consensus figure
verifiable:Democratic Sens. Ed Markey, Al Franken and Jeanne Shaheen "took Bribes From Iran … They Back Insane NUKE Deal."  
verifiable:Internet posts say three Democratic senators 'took bribes from Iran' to support nuclear deal
verifiable:"The most recent survey of climate scientists said about 57 percent don’t agree with the idea that 95 percent of the change in the climate is caused by CO2."  
verifiable:Santorum cites flawed climate change figure, and misquotes it 
verifiable:The Obama administration is "proposing to mine another 10 billion tons of Wyoming coal, which would unleash three times more carbon pollution than Obama's Clean Power Plan would even save through 2030."  
verifiable:Obama's words and actions on climate don't match, activist video says
verifiable:"We have 93 million people out of work. They look for jobs, they give up, and all of a sudden, statistically, they're considered employed."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says U.S. has 93 million people 'out of work,' but that's way too high
verifiable:"I'm the only (Republican) candidate that has actually reduced the size of government."  
verifiable:Bobby Jindal: 'I'm the only candidate that has actually reduced the size of government'
verifiable:"Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders: 'Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world'
verifiable:"We’re the most highly taxed nation in the world."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says U.S. is 'most highly taxed nation in the world'
verifiable:"Our companies are moving into Mexico more than almost any other place right now."  
verifiable:Trump says U.S. companies 'moving into Mexico more than almost any other place right now'
verifiable:Planned Parenthood is "not actually doing women’s health issues."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush: Planned Parenthood isn't involved in women's health
verifiable:"Many of the great scholars say that anchor babies are not covered" by the 14th Amendment.  
verifiable:Trump: 'Many' scholars say 'anchor babies' aren't covered by Constitution
verifiable:Says "there’s 400,000" anchor babies born in the United States a year, which are "individuals coming to our country and having their children so their children can be U.S. citizens."  
verifiable:Donald Trump's campaign manager: 400,000 'anchor babies' born in U.S. every year
verifiable:Says "56 percent of (the U.S.-Mexico) border is not under our control."  
verifiable:Ben Carson: Most of the border is 'not under our control'
verifiable:"If I had not asked for my emails all to be made public, none of this would have been in the public arena."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: Emails wouldn't be public if I hadn't asked for it
verifiable:"There's not a single, solitary example that" signing the bill to end Glass-Steagall "had anything to do with the financial crash."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton: Glass-Steagall repeal had nothing to do with financial crisis
verifiable:"The annual cost of free tax credits alone paid to illegal immigrants quadrupled to $4.2 billion in 2011."  
verifiable:Trump says illegal immigrants get $4.2B in tax credits but doesn't count their taxes paid
verifiable:"You’re more likely to get struck by lightning in Texas" than find in-person voter fraud.  
verifiable:Lightning strikes more common in Texas than in-person voter fraud, says Cory Booker
verifiable:Says 57 percent of federal spending goes to the military and just 1 percent goes to food and agriculture, including food stamps.  
verifiable:Pie chart of 'federal spending' circulating on the Internet is misleading
verifiable:The number of people who "believe in socialism ... is increasing."  
verifiable:Ben Carson says the number of Americans who 'believe in socialism...is increasing'
verifiable:Says "if the (Iran nuclear) deal gets rejected, they still get" $150 billion.  
verifiable:Donald Trump: Iran gets to keep $150 billion even if U.S. rejects nuclear deal
verifiable:"We spend almost twice as much per capita on health care as do the people of any other country."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders repeats flawed claim about U.S. health care spending compared to other countries
verifiable:"F: The grade given to Florida for college affordability under Jeb Bush's leadership."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton tweets that Florida got an F for college affordability under Jeb Bush
verifiable:There has been a 100 percent "increase in student debt under this Democratic White House."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush: Student loan debt has doubled under Obama
verifiable:"One of the reasons that Social Security is in so much trouble is that the only funding stream comes from people who get a wage. The people who get wages is declining dramatically."  
verifiable:Mike Huckabee says Social Security imperiled by dramatic decline in wage-earners
verifiable:"Over 40 percent of small and mid-size banks that loan money to small businesses have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank has passed."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio slams Dodd-Frank, gets his numbers wrong
verifiable:Says Donald Trump has "changed his mind" on abortion.  
verifiable:Fiorina: Trump's abortion flip-flop
verifiable:"Every poll said I won the debate."  
verifiable:Fact-checking Donald Trump's claim that 'every poll said I won the debate'
verifiable:"African-American children are 500 percent more likely to die from asthma than white kids."  
verifiable:Clinton accurately says black children with asthma have 500% higher mortality rate
verifiable:"If you look at the results of Obamacare, what you see is emergency room visits are up over 50 percent."  
verifiable:Carly Fiorina says emergency room visits are up 50 percent under Obamacare
verifiable:"Some of the things that (Megyn Kelly) said, I didn’t say."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says 'he didn't say' the things about women that Megyn Kelly asked him about in debate
verifiable:Says he was "one of the chief architects" of balancing the federal budget.  
verifiable:Checking out John Kasich's claim that he was 'one of the chief architects' of balanced budget
verifiable:"Ukraine was a nuclear-armed state. They gave away their nuclear arms with the understanding that we would protect them."  
verifiable:Carson says U.S. protection promises led Ukraine to give up its nukes
verifiable:"A majority of the candidates on this stage have supported amnesty ... I have never supported amnesty."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz: most GOP candidates 'have supported amnesty'
verifiable:"The Fourth Amendment was what we fought the Revolution over. John Adams said it was the spark that led to our war for independence."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says the Fourth Amendment 'was what we fought the Revolution over'
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton has "been in office and in government longer than anybody else running here tonight."  
verifiable:Rubio says Hillary Clinton in government longer than any Republican running
verifiable:"$700 billion was robbed (from Medicare) to pay for Obamacare."  
verifiable:Obamacare 'robbed' Medicare of $700B, says Huckabee
verifiable:Illegal immigration "wasn’t a subject that was on anybody’s mind until I brought it up at my announcement."  
verifiable:Trump: Illegal immigration wasn't on anyone's mind before he entered the race
verifiable:"I took the state of Ohio from an $8 billion hole … to a $2 billion surplus."  
verifiable:John Kasich: 'I took the state of Ohio from an $8 billion hole … to a $2 billion surplus'
verifiable:"The Mexican government ... they send the bad ones over."  
verifiable:Donald Trump: 'The Mexican government ... they send the bad ones over'
verifiable:"The stock market does better when you have a Democratic president in the White House."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says the stock market has done better under Democratic presidents
verifiable:Say President George W. Bush " ‘borrowed’ $1.37 trillion of Social Security surplus revenue to pay for his tax cuts for the rich and his war in Iraq and never paid it back."  
verifiable:Did George W. Bush 'borrow' from Social Security to fund the war in Iraq and tax cuts?
verifiable:"97 percent of the work that Planned Parenthood does is about mammograms and preventative health."  
verifiable:97% of Planned Parenthood's work is mammograms, preventive care, O'Malley says
verifiable:Says Donald Trump is for a single-payer health care system.  
verifiable:Is Donald Trump still 'for single-payer' health care?
verifiable:Under President Barack Obama, income levels and unemployment numbers "are worse now than just about ever" for African-Americans.  
verifiable:Donald Trump: Black income, unemployment 'worse now than just about ever'
verifiable:Planned Parenthood is "the only health care that a significant number of women get. About 30 percent of women, that's their health care."  
verifiable:Harry Reid is way off on claim that 30% of women rely only on Planned Parenthood for health care 
verifiable:"We built a new prison every 10 days between 1990 and 2005 to keep up with our mass incarceration explosion of nonviolent offenders."  
verifiable:Was a prison built every 10 days to house a fast-growing population of nonviolent inmates?
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "refuses to testify before Congress" about the 2012 attack in Benghazi.   
verifiable:Meme says Hillary Clinton 'refuses' to testify on Benghazi attack
verifiable:"Obama Makes Huge Move to BAN Social Security Recipients From Owning Guns"  
verifiable:Meme claims Obama to ban Social Security recipients from owning guns
verifiable:"The economy, by every metric, is better than when I came into office."  
verifiable:Barack Obama tells Jon Stewart the economy, 'by every metric, is better' than when he took office
verifiable:Since 2009, "we've cut homelessness (among veterans) by a third."  
verifiable:Obama says veteran homelessness has been cut by a third
verifiable:"(Hillary Clinton's State Department) actually admonished one of her ambassadors because he wasn’t using the proper server."  
verifiable:Rand Paul: Hillary Clinton's State Department 'admonished' ambassador for improper email use
verifiable:The five Guantanamo detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl "are right now back on the battlefield."  
verifiable:Donald Trump: Guantanamo prisoners swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are 'back on the battlefield'
verifiable:President Barack Obama "said at the beginning of the negotiations that the basic approach was to dismantle Iran’s nuclear program in exchange for dismantling the sanctions."  
verifiable:Was Obama's goal 'at the beginning of the negotiations' to 'dismantle Iran's nuclear program'?
verifiable:"We borrow a million dollars every minute."  
verifiable:Rand Paul: U.S. borrows $1 million a minute
verifiable:Says John McCain "has done nothing to help the vets."  
verifiable:After 'not a war hero' remark, Donald Trump says John McCain has 'done nothing' for veterans
verifiable:"If you're from Syria and you're a Christian, you cannot come into this country" as a refugee.  
verifiable:Donald Trump says if you're from Syria and a Christian, you can't come to the U.S. as a refugee
verifiable:"Four times, I said, he (John McCain) is a hero, but you know ... people choose selective pieces."  
verifiable:Trump: I called McCain a 'hero' four times
verifiable:  The Iran deal "violates promises the president made to the American people." ... "It is not an anytime, anywhere inspection process."             
verifiable:Marco Rubio says Iran deal breaks 'anytime, anywhere' inspection promise by Barack Obama
verifiable:"Christian Pastor in Vermont Sentenced to One Year in Prison After Refusing to Marry Gay Couple"  
verifiable:Did a Vermont pastor get sentenced to prison for refusing to marry a gay couple?
verifiable:"Thanks to the Obama administration’s negotiations, Iran’s nuclear program will be under lock, key and camera 24 hours a day, 365 days a year."  
verifiable:Deal puts Iran's nuclear program under lock, key and camera 24/7, says Rep. Don Beyer
verifiable:"In New Orleans, nearly 100 percent of our kids are in charter schools."  
verifiable:Bobby Jindal says nearly 100 percent of New Orleans students attend a charter school
verifiable:"Sen. Rubio’s (tax plan) would cut taxes for households making around $3 million a year by almost $240,000, which is way more than three times the earnings of a typical family."  
verifiable:Would Rubio's tax plan mean a big break for millionaires? 
verifiable:Says she "called for addressing risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight" early on in the financial crisis.  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says she called for Wall Street regulations early in the financial crisis
verifiable:"Limberbutt McCubbins (a five-year-old cat) is a candidate" in the 2016 presidential election.  
verifiable:Can a cat run for president?
verifiable:"The $5 billion website for Obamacare … never worked. Still doesn't work."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says the '$5 billion website for Obamacare … never worked. Still doesn't work'
verifiable:Says Chris Christie "vetoed equal pay for women 3 times. He only let the bill pass once it became a damaging campaign issue."  
verifiable:Did Chris Christie veto equal pay for women, as Ultraviolet says? 
verifiable:For African-Americans between the ages of 17 and 20, "the real unemployment rate … is 51 percent."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says 'real unemployment' rate for African American youth is 51 percent
verifiable:"We're destroying more businesses in the United States now than are being created for the first time in our history."  
verifiable:Fiorina: U.S. destroying more businesses than it creates for first time 'in our history'
verifiable:"Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady Bill -- background checks and waiting periods."  
verifiable:Did Bernie Sanders vote against background checks and waiting periods for gun purchases?
verifiable:"The Mexican government forces many bad people into our country."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says Mexican government 'forces many bad people into our country'
verifiable:"There’s now been three independent investigations (into the bridge scandal) all of which have said" that Christie did not have prior knowledge of or involvement in the lane closures.  
verifiable:Chris Christie: Bridgegate investigations back up my story
verifiable:"We have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth."  
verifiable:Sanders: Child poverty is higher in America than any other major country
verifiable:On support for Trade Promotion Authority, called fast-track   
verifiable:Ted Cruz changed position on Trade Promotion Authority, also called fast-track
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton’s top 10 donors are mainly "banks, corporations and media," while Bernie Sanders’ top 10 donors are labor unions.  
verifiable:Meme says Hillary Clinton's top donors are banks and corporations, Bernie Sanders' are labor unions
verifiable:"Hundreds of thousands of (illegal immigrants are) going to state and federal penitentiaries."  
verifiable:Trump immigration claim has no data to back it up
verifiable:Says his book, The Art of the Deal, is "the No. 1 selling business book of all time."  
verifiable:Is Donald Trump's 'Art of the Deal' the best-selling business book of all time?
verifiable:"The House of Representatives just voted 300-131 to remove ‘country-of-origin labeling’ on chicken, pork, and beef sold in the U.S."  
verifiable:Canadian hog farmers and Congress want to repeal a consumer labeling law. Here's why
verifiable:The Supreme Court’s views "are radically out of step with public opinion" regarding its decision to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide.  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says Supreme Court on same-sex marriage is out of step with public, but polls don’t agree
verifiable:"By one leading measure, what business owners pay out in wages and salaries is now finally growing faster than what they spend on health insurance" for the first time in 17 years.  
verifiable:Are wages finally growing faster than health insurance costs? 
verifiable:"We are the only major country on Earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders: U.S. 'only major country' that doesn't guarantee right to health care
verifiable:Public support for abortion "is actually going down a little bit," polls show.  
verifiable:Trump: Pro-choice polling numbers declining
verifiable:"Lincoln was fervently making plans to send all freed slaves to the jungles of Central America once the (Civil War) was over. … The only thing that kept this from happening was his assassination."  
verifiable:Did Abraham Lincoln plan to send ex-slaves to Central America after the Civil War?
verifiable:American schools are "more segregated than they were in the 1960s."  
verifiable:American schools are 'more segregated than they were in the 1960s,' says Hillary Clinton
verifiable:"We have at least 200,000 to 300,000 hate crimes in a given year."  
verifiable:How many hate crimes are there in the United States each year?
verifiable:"Under the Affordable Care Act, anyone on Medicare who is admitted to a hospital for observation will be responsible for the bill. Medicare won't pay a cent."  
verifiable:Chain email says Medicare won't pay for 'observational' stay in hospital due to Obamacare
verifiable:On Common Core.   
verifiable:Chris Christie says parent and teacher complaints prompted change on Common Core
verifiable:"The party in the White House" is responsible for "a massive tax increase on the middle class."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush: Obama caused 'massive' tax increase on middle class 
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "was completely exonerated, when I was in the White House" by an official inquiry on Whitewater.  
verifiable:Bill Clinton says Hillary was 'completely exonerated' in Whitewater
verifiable:After a federal inquiry corroborated Hillary Clinton on Whitewater, "the next day, there was nothing in the media about it."  
verifiable:No media coverage of Hillary Clinton's 'exoneration' in Whitewater, says Bill Clinton
verifiable:"Here are the stats: Per population, we kill each other with guns at a rate 297x more than Japan, 49x more than France, 33x more than Israel."  
verifiable:Barack Obama tweets that U.S. gun-homicide rate is much higher than in France, Israel, Japan
verifiable:"This type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesn’t happen in other places with this kind of frequency."  
verifiable:Is Barack Obama correct that mass killings don't happen in other countries?
verifiable:The Democrats are "responsible" for "the swift, mindless drawdown of a military that was generations in the making."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush says Democrats 'responsible' for 'swift, mindless' cuts to defense spending
verifiable:The original compromise for the Confederate battle flag in South Carolina "was to put it on the back side of the statehouse, out of public view so it would not have any appearance of sovereignty."  
verifiable:James Clyburn says original Confederate flag compromise was to move it out of public view
verifiable:"Even our nuclear arsenal doesn't work. It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old. They don't know if it worked."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says 'our nuclear arsenal doesn't work'
verifiable:"The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says income inequality is widest since the 1920s
verifiable:"When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Japan? It doesn’t exist, folks."  
verifiable:Donald Trump: Chevrolet in Tokyo, Japan, 'doesn't exist'
verifiable:On same-sex marriage.  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton’s changing position on same-sex marriage
verifiable:"Our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Don't believe the 5.6. Don't believe it."  
verifiable:Donald Trump says 'real' unemployment rate is 18 to 20 percent
verifiable:"The last quarter, it was just announced, our gross domestic product … was below zero. Who ever heard of this? It's never below zero."  
verifiable:Donald Trump gets claim about U.S. GDP doubly wrong
verifiable:The Islamic State "just built a hotel in Syria."  
verifiable:Donald Trump: ISIS built a hotel in Syria
verifiable:Says Bill Clinton "gave a speech in 1996 about Iraq having WMDs" and said "we needed a regime change," even though everyone blamed those things on George W. Bush.  
verifiable:Meme says Bill Clinton, George W. Bush had basically the same policy on Iraq
verifiable:"The top 25 hedge fund managers (are) making more than all of America's kindergarten teachers combined."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton: Top hedge fund managers make more than all kindergarten teachers combined
verifiable:"A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a one-in-three chance (of) ending up in jail."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says a black male baby born today has 1-in-3 chance of prison
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton's "been very clear where she stands on trade."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton has 'been very clear' on trade, campaign chair says
verifiable:The New York Times "had to retract" its story that Hillary Clinton’s email handling had broken certain laws.  
verifiable:Dem operative Woodhouse says NYT retracted charges of illegality in Clinton email story
verifiable:"U.S. Embassy Celebrates America’s Independence on June 4th in Order to Accommodate Muslims."  
verifiable:Social media posts say U.S. Embassy moved July 4 celebration to June 4 to 'accommodate' Ramadan
verifiable:"Former Gov. Rick Perry signed a law that a federal court said was actually written with the purpose of discriminating against minority voters."  
verifiable:A federal court said Rick Perry okayed a law intended to discriminate, says Hillary Clinton
verifiable:"In New Jersey, Gov. Christie vetoed legislation to extend early voting."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says Chris Christie vetoed early voting
verifiable:On Common Core.  
verifiable:Bobby Jindal's change of position on Common Core
verifiable:If Fox News' presidential debate rules had been in place during the 1992 election, "Bill Clinton wouldn't have been on the stage."  
verifiable:Fox's debate rules would have kept Bill Clinton off the stage in 1992 election, Rick Santorum says
verifiable:Says Ronald Reagan "talked about" converting the United States to the metric system.  
verifiable:Lincoln Chafee says Ronald Reagan talked about converting to the metric system
verifiable:"You can fill out your tax return in Estonia online in five minutes."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush says Estonians can file their taxes in five minutes. Really?
verifiable:The USA Freedom Act undercuts privacy because "the phone records will be in the hands of the phone companies with hundreds of people available to look at the records, versus 20 or 30 people in the government."  
verifiable:Lindsey Graham: Freedom Act means less privacy for phone records
verifiable:"Sixty million Americans depend on Social Security, and one-third of all the seniors in America depend on Social Security for 90 percent of their income."  
verifiable:Mike Huckabee says one-third of seniors depend on Social Security for 90% of income
verifiable:Today, "the United States is the most respected country on Earth."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. today 'is the most respected country on Earth'
verifiable:"The CEO of Goldman Sachs let his employees know that he’d be just fine with either Bush or Clinton."  
verifiable:Had the Goldman Sachs CEO said his picks are Hillary Clinton or Jeb Bush?
verifiable:"Today in America, 70 percent of us are earning the same or less than we were 12 years ago, and this is the first time that that has happened this side of World War II."  
verifiable:Martin O'Malley says it's first time since WWII that 70% of us earn same or less as 12 years ago
verifiable:"For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses dying than we do starting."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says for first time in 35 years, 'we have more businesses dying than we do starting'
verifiable:The Supreme Court "can’t overrule the other two" branches of government.       
verifiable:Mike Huckabee: Supreme Court 'can't overrule' other branches of government
verifiable:If you count United States airstrikes against ISIS, "75 percent of those combat missions return to base without having fired a weapon."  
verifiable:John McCain says 75% of airstrike missions against ISIS return without firing a weapon
verifiable:"During Obama's first five years as president, black unemployment increased 42 percent. During Reagan's presidency, black unemployment dropped 20 percent."  
verifiable:Was Ronald Reagan's record on black unemployment better than Barack Obama's?
verifiable:Says the State Department has "had half a year" to respond to a Benghazi document request, yet "I have not gotten a single, solitary scrap of paper."  
verifiable:Benghazi Committee Chair: State Dept. hasn't complied with 6-month-old document request
verifiable:Hedge fund managers "pay less in taxes than nurses and truck drivers."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says hedge fund managers 'pay less in taxes than nurses and truck drivers'
verifiable:"It is simply a fact that insufficient funding for Amtrak has delayed the installation" of a positive train control safety system. "To deny a connection between the (derailment in Philadelphia) and underfunding Amtrak is to deny reality."  
verifiable:After derailment, Chuck Schumer says shortage of funds has delayed technological fix for Amtrak
verifiable:"We had an agreement that the president could have signed that would have kept 10,000 troops" in Iraq.  
verifiable:Obama refused to sign plan in place to leave 10,000 troops in Iraq, Bush says
verifiable:"Every president since Franklin Delano Roosevelt has had" fast-track trade authority.  
verifiable:Fast-track trade authority: Has every president since FDR had it?
verifiable:Due to "over-incarceration … in 1950, two out of three young black men were in the workforce. Today, it's one out of three black men are in the workforce."  
verifiable:Labor Secretary Thomas Perez weighs incarceration's role in inner-city Baltimore's bleak job picture
verifiable:Proposed fast-track legislation allows presidents to "easily use a future trade deal to override our domestic financial rules."  
verifiable:Fact-checking the Elizabeth Warren and Barack Obama trade fight
verifiable:More money is dedicated within the Department of Homeland Security to climate change than what's spent combating "Islamist terrorists radicalizing over the Internet in the United States of America."       
verifiable:Does Homeland Security put more money into climate change than stopping online terrorism recruiting?
verifiable:"Ben Carson is running for president to ‘eliminate dependency on government.’ But he doesn’t mention that he grew up in public schools, got public housing and food stamps, got free glasses from a government program, was helped by Affirmative Action, and got Pell Grants for college."       
verifiable:Does Ben Carson want to 'eliminate dependency on government' despite benefiting from welfare?
verifiable:"We doubled the size of the company (Hewlett-Packard)."  
verifiable:Carly Fiorina fights back against HP layoff claims, says she doubled size of company
verifiable:"Not a single Republican candidate, announced or potential, is clearly and consistently supporting a path to citizenship. Not one."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says 'not one' GOP presidential contender backs path to citizenship
verifiable:"The United States is 65th out of 142 nations and other territories on equal pay."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says U.S. ranks only 65th in world for gender pay equity
verifiable:After laying off 30,000 people, Carly Fiorina said that in retrospect, "I would have done them all faster."  
verifiable:Cyber-squatter accuses Carly Fiorina of wishing she'd laid off 30,000 employees more quickly
verifiable:Says he "raised average family income by 50 percent" during his tenure as Arkansas governor.  
verifiable:Mike Huckabee says he 'raised average family income by 50 percent' as Arkansas governor
verifiable:"We spend more money on antacids than we do on politics."  
verifiable:John Boehner: 'We spend more money on antacids than we do on politics'
verifiable:"The Iranians are now saying that what we're saying the deal is and what they understand it to be are two different things."  
verifiable:Do Iran and the United States disagree on the nuclear deal framework?
verifiable:"The U.S. representatives that voted to keep militarizing the police received 73 percent more campaign money from the defense industry" than the representatives who voted to stop it.  
verifiable:Did lawmakers who voted to keep defense-surplus program for police get 73% more in defense cash?
verifiable:"I'm running for office with much more experience and qualifications than Barack Obama had when he ran."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says he is more experienced and qualified than Barack Obama was during presidential run
verifiable:"I can tell you with certainty (cap and trade) would have a devastating impact on our economy."  
verifiable:'With certainty' cap-and-trade would wreck the economy, Rubio says
verifiable:"We're not allowed to read it (the Trans-Pacific Partnership) before representatives vote on it."  
verifiable:Martin O'Malley says Congress won't see Pacific trade deal before they vote on it
verifiable:"The United States invented the community college. Nobody else had ever done anything like it."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says U.S. was first to create community colleges
verifiable:Says Loretta Lynch’s nomination "has been now sitting there longer than the previous seven attorney general nominees combined."  
verifiable:Is Loretta Lynch nomination delayed longer than 7 other attorneys general combined?
verifiable: "99 percent of all new income today (is) going to the top 1 percent."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says 99 percent of 'new' income is going to top 1 percent
verifiable:"American families work hard to earn $4,250 a month. Obama is spending $18,972 a month on each illegal immigrant child."  
verifiable:Meme compares spending on undocumented immigrants with typical U.S. family income
verifiable:Says "all my grandparents" immigrated to America.  
verifiable:In Iowa, Hillary Clinton claims 'all my grandparents' came to the U.S. from foreign countries
verifiable:"We are in the sixth year of recovery, and median income is below what it was at the start of the recovery."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush correct that median income has fallen in U.S. since end of recession
verifiable:Says Howard Zinn, "an anti-American Marxist," wrote "the most popular textbook that's taught in our high schools in America."  
verifiable:Is book by Howard Zinn the 'most popular' high-school history textbook?
verifiable:Says Marco Rubio "voted to deport" young people known as Dreamers.  
verifiable:Did Marco Rubio vote to deport Dreamers?
verifiable:"Ninety percent of American workers don't own their own business."  
verifiable:90% of American workers don't own their own business, Rick Santorum says
verifiable:  Says Hillary Clinton "completely ignored" "dozens and dozens of requests for more security" for the Benghazi consulate.              
verifiable:Rand Paul attacks Hillary Clinton's response to Benghazi attack
verifiable:Facebook has unveiled new rules to stop their users from creating posts related in any way to religion.  
verifiable:Is Facebook planning to ban religious content? No
verifiable:"Debt doubled" under Bush "and now it’s tripling under Barack Obama’s watch."  
verifiable:Rand Paul: Debt doubled under Bush, tripled under Obama
verifiable:"Iran’s defense budget is $30 billion. Our defense budget is closer to $600 billion."  
verifiable:Obama: Iran spends $30 billion on defense; U.S. about $600 billion
verifiable:Seventy percent of Americans "don't have a college degree."  
verifiable:70% of Americans don't have college degree, Rick Santorum says
verifiable:"Rand Paul supports Obama's negotiations with Iran."  
verifiable:Attack ad says Rand Paul supports Obama on Iran negotiations
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton will receive her "congressional salary until she dies" and the Secret Service pays her mortgage.  
verifiable:Chain email: Secret Service pays the Clintons' mortgage
verifiable:"In this last election in November, ... 63 percent of the American people chose not to vote, ... 80 percent of young people, (and) 75 percent of low-income workers chose not to vote."  
verifiable:Checking Bernie Sanders on Americans' low voter-turnout rates
verifiable:Despite raising taxes on the wealthy and hiking the minimum wage, Minnesota "is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and (the) state has a billion-dollar surplus."  
verifiable:Meme touts Mark Dayton's economic successes as governor of Minnesota; is it accurate?
verifiable:In the United States, we’ve had "12 years in a row of wages declining."  
verifiable:Martin O'Malley says U.S. has seen falling wages for 12 straight years
verifiable:The Affordable Care Act is "a major reason why we’ve seen 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths in hospitals."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says health care law has led to 50,000 fewer preventable hospital deaths
verifiable:Says Barack Obama voted for the "very same language" of Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act when he was in the Illinois state Senate. Sexual orientation "doesn't have anything to do with this law."  
verifiable:Did Barack Obama vote for Religious Freedom Restoration Act with 'very same' wording as Indiana's?
verifiable:"From 2013-2015, the richest 14 Americans increased their net wealth by more than $157 billion, yet the Republican budget would not require these Americans to contribute one penny to deficit reduction."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders: GOP budget does not ask ultra-wealthy to contribute 'one penny' to deficit reduction
verifiable:Say Michelle Obama "mandates" weighing children in day care.  
verifiable:Social media posts say Michelle Obama is mandating that all day care kids be weighed
verifiable:Says according to recent polls, no Republican candidate "is doing better against Hillary Clinton than myself."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says polls show he has the best shot at beating Hillary Clinton
verifiable:"Small businesses (are) going out of business in record numbers."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz: Small business are going out of business 'in record numbers'
verifiable:Job growth in the United States is now at the "fastest pace in this country's history."  
verifiable:White House aide says job growth now at 'fastest pace in this country's history'
verifiable:  Says Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu "didn't change his position" on a two-state solution.              
verifiable:Israeli ambassador tells U.S. audience Netanyahu didn't change position on two-state solution
verifiable:"Many of the alarmists on global warming, they’ve got a problem because the science doesn’t back them up. In particular, satellite data demonstrate for the last 17 years, there’s been zero warming."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz's world's on fire, but not for the last 17 years
verifiable:"The stock market has almost tripled since April of 2009."  
verifiable:James Webb says stock market has tripled in value since 2009
verifiable:Says Secretary of State John Kerry, "when he was a senator, flew to Managua and met with a communist dictator there, Daniel Ortega, and accused the Reagan administration of engaging in terrorism."  
verifiable:Mitch McConnell: John Kerry visited Nicaragua in 1980s to accuse Reagan of 'enaging in terrorism'
verifiable:Says that "Susan Rice, the president's national security adviser, has already conceded that Iran will have a robust uranium enrichment capability."  
verifiable:Tom Cotton says Susan Rice 'conceded' that under nuclear deal, Iran would have 'robust' enrichment
verifiable:"The vast majority of our international commitments take effect without congressional approval."  
verifiable:Joe Biden says 'vast majority' of international commitments are struck without congressional role
verifiable:If President Barack Obama strikes a nuclear deal with Iran, "the next president could revoke such an executive agreement with the stroke of a pen and future Congresses could modify the terms of the agreement at any time."  
verifiable:Is the letter to Iran from 47 Republican senators correct about Congress' role in nuclear deal?
verifiable:"The Iranian parliament will get to say yes or no on this deal, and I think the United States Congress should have the exact same input into the process."  
verifiable:Ron Johnson: Iran's parliament gets to vote on nuclear deal, Congress should too
verifiable:Today in Selma, Ala., "the poverty rate is roughly nine times that of whites."  
verifiable:Is today's poverty rate in Selma, Ala., nine times higher for blacks than whites?
verifiable:U.S. military involvement in Libya "allowed thousands of surface-to-air missiles to fall into the hands of radical Islamists."  
verifiable:Rand Paul gets it wrong on fate of Libyan missiles
verifiable:  "The State Department asked all secretaries of state to send their emails over." Hillary Clinton's "the only one who’s done it."         
verifiable:Fact-checking Chuck Schumer's defense of Hillary Clinton's private email 
verifiable:"The labor participation rate is at an all-time low."  
verifiable:Lindsey Graham has it wrong on 'Meet the Press': Labor participation rate is not at an all-time low
verifiable:"There are at least three sectors of the border, one in particular, that are just completely insecure."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio: At least three sectors of the border are 'completely insecure'
verifiable:"A lot of people who go into prison straight, and when they come out they’re gay."  
verifiable:Ben Carson: Many prisoners go in straight, come out gay
verifiable:"You had more women getting computer sciences degrees in the '80s by a factor of 2-plus than you do now."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says women earned twice as many computer science degrees in the 1980s as today
verifiable:On immigration, "the president said 22 times, 22 times, that he couldn't do what he eventually did."  
verifiable:Boehner: Obama said '22 times' that he couldn't do immigration executive action
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama made "unilateral changes" to Obamacare "38 times."  
verifiable:Boehner: Obama has taken unilateral action on health care '38 times'
verifiable:"The Clintons' foundation took millions from foreign governments" including United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia.  
verifiable:Conservative group claims Hillary Clinton's foundation took millions from foreign governments
verifiable:The FCC’s net neutrality policy includes what is "essentially a massive tax increase."       
verifiable:Effect of net neutrality rules on taxes is uncertain
verifiable:Last year, "we saw the first reduction in the federal prison population in 32 years."  
verifiable:Federal prison population drops for first time in 3 decades, Eric Holder says
verifiable:"Nine hundred people have been fired since I became secretary (of Veterans Affairs). We’ve got 60 people that we fired who have manipulated wait times."  
verifiable:VA secretary claims 900 firings, 60 related to wait times, since he took over
verifiable:Say George Washington said that "when government takes away citizens’ right to bear arms it becomes citizens’ duty to take away government’s right to govern."  
verifiable:Did George Washington offer support for individual gun rights, as meme says?
verifiable:"There is a very identifiable Somali community" back home in Delaware.  
verifiable:Joe Biden and his Somali cab driver friends
verifiable:The current debate over authorizing military action against the Islamic State "would be the first time Congress would place limits on the commander-in-chief's ability to be commander-in-chief."  
verifiable:Republican lawmaker claims Congress has never set limits on a commander-in-chief
verifiable:"Monarch butterflies are becoming extinct" because of increased use of crops genetically modified to withstand pesticides.  
verifiable:Are GMOs causing monarch butterflies to become extinct?
verifiable:"Nearly one in five women in America has been a victim of rape or attempted rape."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says nearly 20 percent of women in the U.S. have been raped or faced rape attempt
verifiable:Alabamians "haven’t changed their opinion" on same-sex marriage since voting to ban it in 2006.  
verifiable:Alabama Chief Justice: Opposition to gay marriage in Alabama hasn't changed since 2006 state ban
verifiable:"Obama has chosen to deny the vicious anti-Semitic motivation of the attack on a kosher Jewish grocery in Paris."  
verifiable:Obama calls terrorist attacks random, Rick Perry says he denies anti-Semitic motivation
verifiable:"Over 200 years ago, the United States had declared war on Islam, and Thomas Jefferson led the charge!"  
verifiable:In Barbary wars, did U.S. declare 'war on Islam'?
verifiable:"92 million Americans aren't working."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says 92 million Americans aren't working
verifiable:"The Obama administration is refusing to directly arm the Kurds."       
verifiable:Ted Cruz says Obama refuses to directly arm Kurds in ISIS fight
verifiable:"Millions of people have given up looking for work altogether."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush says 'millions' have given up looking for work
verifiable:Under Common Core standards, it takes "more than a minute" to teach a student "how to add nine plus six."  
verifiable:Under Common Core, teaching simple addition takes a full minute, Texas governor says  
verifiable:"The reason we even have colleges is that at some point there were politicians who said, ‘You know what? We should start colleges.’ "  
verifiable:Barack Obama says politicians get credit for founding colleges
verifiable:"The No. 1 cause of childhood deaths is preventable accidents."  
verifiable:Nationwide Super Bowl ad claims accidents are the leading cause of death among children
verifiable:"When you look at the earned income tax credit, it has about a 25 percent fraud rate. We're looking at $20 billion to $30 billion."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says Earned Income Tax Credit has 25 percent fraud rate that costs up to $30 billion
verifiable:The Affordable Care Act "basically puts a penalty or a tax on employers for every new job they create."  
verifiable:John Boehner says Obamacare 'puts a penalty or a tax on employers for every new job they create'
verifiable:The Super Bowl has "one of the highest levels of human sex trafficking activity of any event in the country."  
verifiable:Does sex trafficking increase around the Super Bowl?
verifiable:"In Iraq and Syria, American leadership, including our military power, is stopping (the Islamic State’s) advance."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says America 'is stopping' Islamic State's progress in Iraq and Syria
verifiable:"You cannot build a little guy up by tearing a big guy down -- Abraham Lincoln said it."       
verifiable:Ohio Gov. John Kasich puts words in Abraham Lincoln's mouth about tax policy
verifiable:"Obamacare has caused millions of full-time jobs to become part-time."  
verifiable:CEO of Carl's Jr. says 'Obamacare has caused millions of full-time jobs to become part-time'
verifiable:"The auto companies have now repaid taxpayers every dime and more of what my administration invested in."  
verifiable:Obama says automakers have paid back all the loans it got from his admin 'and more'
verifiable:"America is No. 1 in wind power."  
verifiable:'America is No. 1 in wind power,' Obama says
verifiable:The economy is "creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. economy is creating jobs at fastest pace since 1999
verifiable:"Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says unemployment rate now lower than before the financial crisis of 2008
verifiable:"America is No. 1 one in oil and gas."    
verifiable:Obama: America is No. 1 producer of oil, gas
verifiable:"Since 2010, America has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and all advanced economies combined."  
verifiable:Obama: Since 2010, U.S. has created more jobs than 'all advanced economies combined'
verifiable:The United States is "the only advanced country on Earth" that doesn’t guarantee "paid maternity leave to our workers."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says United States only developed country without paid maternity leave
verifiable:"A strong majority of Americans support" the Keystone XL pipeline.  
verifiable:Joni Ernst says 'a strong majority of Americans' back the Keystone XL pipeline
verifiable:We've seen "our deficits cut by two-thirds."  
verifiable:Barack Obama claims deficit has decreased by two-thirds since taking office
verifiable:"Today, home sales are up nearly 50 percent from where they were in the worst of the crisis."  
verifiable:'Home sales are up nearly 50 percent' from the worst of the housing crisis, Obama says
verifiable:"We’ve doubled the production of clean energy."  
verifiable:Obama claims U.S. has doubled production of 'clean energy'
verifiable:Over the past five years, the American automobile industry has "created about 500,000 new jobs."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. auto industry has 'created about 500,000 new jobs' in past 5 years
verifiable:"Factories are opening their doors at the fastest pace in almost two decades."  
verifiable:Obama: more factories opening today than two decades ago
verifiable:"Over half the people on disability are either anxious or their back hurts."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says most people receive disability for back pain, anxiety
verifiable:"About 30 percent" of those released from Guantanamo "have re-entered the fight."  
verifiable:McCain: 30% of past Guantanamo detainees 're-enter the fight'
verifiable:Says. Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, once said, "Wind is a finite resource and harnessing it would slow the winds down, which would cause the temperature to go up."  
verifiable:Widely shared meme oversimplifies Joe Barton's 2009 comment on wind energy, climate change
verifiable:"If people work and make more money, they lose more in benefits than they would earn in salary."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio in new book: People on welfare 'lose more in benefits than they would earn in salary'
verifiable:"The average family not in the top 10 percent makes less money today than they were making a generation ago."  
verifiable:Warren: the average family in the bottom 90 percent made more money 30 years ago
verifiable:Administrative employees at colleges and universities have "more than doubled over the last 25 years, outpacing the growth of students by more than 2 to 1."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says college administrators have 'more than doubled over the last 25 years'
verifiable:Western Europeans "can fly in the United States without even having a visa."  
verifiable:McCaul: Western Europeans can fly to U.S. without a visa
verifiable:"Keystone means unlocking the Canadian tar sands."  
verifiable:Chris Coons: Keystone means 'unlocking' Canadian oil sands
verifiable:A recent economic uptick appears to "coincide" with "the expectation of a new Republican Congress."  
verifiable:Mitch McConnell says economic uptick coincides with expectation of GOP Senate takeover
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama has "not proposed one thing that would change" the fact that Warren Buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary.  
verifiable:Louie Gohmert says Obama has 'not proposed one' tax policy that implements 'Buffett rule'
verifiable:"Newly Elected Republican Senators Sign Pledge to Eliminate Food Stamp Program in 2015."  
verifiable:Do all new Republican senators favor eliminating food stamps? No, it's fake news, widely shared
verifiable:New tax increases that went into effect on Jan. 1, 2015, "all passed under the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare."  
verifiable:What will happen to taxes on Jan. 1, 2015? Chain email gets tax rates all wrong
verifiable:  Says President Barack Obama's own administration has done five environmental impact assessments of the Keystone XL pipeline, "all of which have said it would have a minimum impact on the environment."              
verifiable:Thune says Keystone XL pipeline has minimal impact on environment
verifiable:"We're now the No. 1 producer of oil in the world. We've surpassed Saudi Arabia."       
verifiable:Klobuchar says U.S. is world's No. 1 oil producer
verifiable:"We're spending millions for each individual" held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.  
verifiable:Obama: 'We're spending millions for each individual' held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba
verifiable:Since the United States began negotiations with Iran, "that's probably the first year and a half in which Iran has not advanced its nuclear program in the last decade."       
verifiable:Obama: Iran has not advanced nuclear ambitions since U.S. negotiations started
verifiable:"The reason why Cubans don't have access to 21st century telecommunications — like smart phones, like access to the Internet — is because it is illegal in Cuba."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says Castros, not embargo, reason Cubans don't have Internet
verifiable:In the U.S. agreement with the Cuban government, "no commitment was made to allowing the establishment of political parties or to even begin the semblance of a transition to a democracy."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says talks with Cuba produced no commitment to democratic reforms
verifiable:"Congress is a very special group of people. More than 80 percent of them never left the United States."  
verifiable:Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov says 80% of U.S. lawmakers have never traveled abroad
verifiable:The home-mortgage deduction is widely thought to be "a middle-class benefit. It's not -- 73 percent of it goes to people making a quarter-million dollars or more a year."  
verifiable:Do 73 percent of benefits from mortgage deduction go to those earning $250,000 a year?
verifiable:"Nobody suffered any lasting injuries" from the CIA interrogation program.  
verifiable:Peter King says Senate CIA report found detainees were not killed, did not suffer 'lasting injuries'
verifiable:"We are younger than our competitors, and this is entirely because of immigration."  
verifiable:Is America younger than its economic rivals due to immigration?
verifiable:"When (Barack Obama) took office, 2.3 million people were out of work. Five-plus years later, we have 5 million-plus out of work."  
verifiable:Social media meme says number of unemployed has risen sharply under Barack Obama
verifiable:"In 1990, the U.S. led the world in the percentage of 25-34 year olds with college degrees. Today we are in 12th place."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says U.S. was 1st in college degrees in 1990, but now ranks 12th in world
verifiable:Says a man in Ferguson, Mo., was photographed holding a sign that said, "No mother should have to fear for her son's life every time he robs a store."  
verifiable:Viral photo of Ferguson protester doesn't withstand close scrutiny
verifiable:Says Barack Obama has "the worst record of any president when it comes to putting America deeper in debt."  
verifiable:RNC chair Reince Priebus says Barack Obama has 'the worst record of any president' on debt
verifiable:In 2010, uninsured voters made up "about 5 percent of the electorate."  
verifiable:The uninsured vote at low rates, says Charles Schumer
verifiable:"The number of killings of citizens by police is at a two-decade high."  
verifiable:Are deaths from police shootings the highest in 20 years?
verifiable:"794 law enforcement officers have fallen in the line of duty since B.H. Obama took office, with no special recognition from the White House."  
verifiable:Meme says Barack Obama has given 'no special recognition' to police killed in action
verifiable:"The U.S. Constitution owes its notion of democracy to the Iroquois Tribes."  
verifiable:Viral meme says Constitution 'owes its notion of democracy to the Iroquois'
verifiable:A sign in Dearborn, Mich., for the Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America says, "Allah be praised. America we will kill you all and nothing you can do to stop it."  
verifiable:Viral meme says Islamic group posted threat to kill Americans on sign in Dearborn, Mich.
verifiable:"The actions I’m taking" are "the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every single Democratic president for the past half-century."  
verifiable:Are Barack Obama's immigration moves 'the kinds of actions' taken by presidents for 50 years?
verifiable:In the 2014 elections, "the American people overwhelmingly said we don't want Obamacare … and we don't want amnesty."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says in 2014 elections, voters made clear their opposition to Obamacare, 'amnesty'
verifiable:"My position hasn’t changed" on using executive authority to address immigration issues.  
verifiable:Barack Obama: Position on immigration action through executive orders 'hasn't changed'
verifiable:Keystone XL allows "Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold everywhere else."  
verifiable:Obama says Keystone XL is for exporting oil outside the U.S., experts disagree
verifiable:Says Jonathan Gruber was "some adviser who never worked on our staff."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says MIT professor Jonathan Gruber was just 'some adviser'
verifiable:The climate-change agreement between the United States and China "requires the Chinese to do nothing at all for 16 years."  
verifiable:Mitch McConnell says U.S.-China climate deal means China won't have to do anything for 16 years
verifiable:"Over the last few years, we’ve put more people back to work than all the other advanced economies combined."  
verifiable:Obama: U.S. has put more people 'back to work' than all other advanced economies combined
verifiable:"Congress Approves Bill Offering Free Cars To Welfare Recipients."  
verifiable:Social media post says Barack Obama-backed bill will offer free cars to welfare recipients
verifiable:"China has made enormous progress in its human rights. That is a fact recognized by all the people in the world."  
verifiable:Does the world agree that China has made 'enormous progress' on human rights?
verifiable:"I don't know who (Jonathan Gruber) is."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says she doesn't know who Jonathan Gruber is
verifiable:Says Obama's net neutrality proposal "puts the government in charge of determining Internet pricing, terms of service and what types of products and services can be delivered."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz: Net neutrality regulations put government in charge of Internet prices, services
verifiable:Congress has 11 percent approval ratings, yet 96.4 percent of incumbent lawmakers were re-elected in 2014.  
verifiable:Congress has 11% approval ratings but 96% incumbent reelection rate, meme says
verifiable:"According to recent reports, a group of death panels organized under Obamacare ordered their first execution."  
verifiable:First execution under Obamacare death panels? Pants on Fire!
verifiable:"We've created more jobs in the United States than every other advanced economy combined since I came into office."  
verifiable:Obama: Since 2009, U.S. has created more jobs than 'every other advanced economy combined'
verifiable:"Over 214,000 doctors opt out of Obamacare exchanges."  
verifiable:Chain email claims 214,000 doctors refuse to take patients with insurance bought on marketplaces
verifiable:"Every time we've increased the minimum wage, we've seen a growth in jobs."  
verifiable:Does raising the minimum wage always result in job growth?
verifiable:The last time Republican U.S. Senate candidates "beat more than two (incumbents) was 1980."  
verifiable:Last time GOP defeated two Senate incumbent Democrats? Try 1980
verifiable:As a result of Obamacare, "California seniors face benefit cuts of over $1,700."  
verifiable:Rove PAC says Obamacare cuts $1,700 from Medicare benefits in California
verifiable:Republicans are "trying to impeach our president."  
verifiable:Republicans are trying to impeach Barack Obama, civil rights group says
verifiable:"If Cory Gardner gets his way, you'd better stock up on condoms."  
verifiable:Ad in Colorado Senate race suggests Cory Gardner would ban condoms
verifiable:Says Sen. Elizabeth Warren "lives in a $5.4 million mansion."  
verifiable:Critics say Elizabeth Warren 'lives in a $5.4 million mansion'
verifiable:"You cannot get (Ebola) from just riding on a plane or bus."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says you can't get Ebola from riding on a bus or plane
verifiable:Says the 1956 Republican Party platform supported equal pay, the minimum wage, asylum for refugees, protections for unions and more.  
verifiable:Viral meme says 1956 Republican platform was pretty liberal
verifiable:Suicide comes from federal government largesse "saying you are not worth anything but you are going to get something for nothing."  
verifiable:Alaska's Don Young says suicide is linked to federal government largesse
verifiable:Ebola is "incredibly contagious," "very transmissible" and "easy to catch."  
verifiable:Is the Ebola virus 'incredibly contagious' and 'easy to catch,' like Rand Paul says?
verifiable:Says Rand Paul "has put out budgets to cut the military in half."       
verifiable:Claim: Rand Paul's budget would cut military in half
verifiable:Says Thomas Eric Duncan came into the United States "with an elevated temperature."  
verifiable:Did Ebola victim Thomas Eric Duncan enter the United States with an elevated temperature?
verifiable:"Obama, instead of nominating a health professional, he nominated someone who is an anti-gun activist (for surgeon general)."  
verifiable:Cruz: Obama's surgeon general pick is not a 'health professional'
verifiable:Says Mark Pryor "votes with Obama 93 percent of the time."  
verifiable:Cotton: Pryor votes with Obama 93 percent of the time
verifiable:The Affordable Care Act says that "at age 76 when you most need it most, you are not eligible for cancer treatment. …  Cancer hospital will ration care according to the patient's age."  
verifiable:Five years on, chain email about cancer treatment rationing after age 76 is still Pants on Fire
verifiable:Blocking travel from countries with Ebola should be possible because President Barack Obama "has sealed off Israel in the past."  
verifiable:Rep. Tim Murphy says air ban on Israel offers precedent for Ebola travel policy
verifiable:The CDC is "spending money on things like jazzercise, urban gardening and massage therapy" that could be redirected to Ebola.  
verifiable:Amid Ebola cases, Cory Gardner blasts CDC spending on 'jazzercise,' 'urban gardens'
verifiable:"All four on Mount Rushmore, they were all independents at one critical point in their career."  
verifiable:Independent Senate candidate Larry Pressler claims Mount Rushmore presidents were independents, too
verifiable:"2014 Federal Tax Refunds To Be Delayed Until October 2015."  
verifiable:Viral claim says IRS will be delaying tax refunds next year, but it's fake news
verifiable:Under my platform, "I will make no changes to the current (Medicare) system for current retirees and anyone approaching retirement."  
verifiable:Tom Cotton says he wouldn't back changes for those on Medicare, but the ACA repeal he supports would
verifiable:"Iowa has the fourth fastest-growing personal income in the United States, while nationally, the real wage has decreased over the past eight years that Congressman (Bruce) Braley has been there by 2.7 percent."  
verifiable:Joni Ernst praises Iowa economy, compares it to weak U.S. wage trend
verifiable:Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, "would help lift over a million Americans out of poverty."  
verifiable:Alison Lundergan Grimes says raising the minimum wage would lift a million people out of poverty
verifiable:Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour "will destroy between half a million and one million jobs."  
verifiable:Mitch McConnell says minimum wage hike would 'destroy' 500,000 to 1 million jobs
verifiable:"We were told there would never be a case of Ebola in the United States."  
verifiable:McCain: We were 'told' there'd be no Ebola in the United States
verifiable:"20,000 Kansans lost their health insurance because of (Obamacare)."  
verifiable:Pat Roberts: Obamacare killed insurance for 20,000 Kansans
verifiable:"The states that have raised the minimum wage (this year) have had faster job growth than the states that haven’t raised the minimum wage."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says states that raised minimum wages have had higher job growth this year
verifiable:In North Carolina, "now we're near the national average" for unemployment.  
verifiable:Thom Tillis says North Carolina is 'near the national average' for unemployment.
verifiable:"The only candidate pocketing big money from people who want to destroy coal is Mitch McConnell."  
verifiable:Alison Lundergan Grimes says Mitch McConnell, not she, is taking money from anti-coal groups
verifiable:The cost of "health care is now the single-biggest factor driving down" the federal budget deficit.  
verifiable:Obama: Health care is driving down the deficit
verifiable:"The Common Core was not put together by the Department of Education in Washington. It was put together by governors and by states."       
verifiable:Kay Hagan says federal government didn't create Common Core
verifiable:By voting for Obamacare, Sen. Kay Hagan "voted to kill the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs."  
verifiable:Thom Tillis says that Kay Hagan “voted to kill" the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs
verifiable:Says Thom Tillis "has cut $500 million from public education."  
verifiable:In debate, Kay Hagan says Thom Tillis cut education by $500 million
verifiable:Says Thom Tillis "refuses to say what we should do to combat ISIS."  
verifiable:Sen. Kay Hagan says Thom Tillis refuses to say what he would do to combat ISIS
verifiable:On support for the auto bailouts.  
verifiable:Michigan Republican Senate candidate now says she would have supported the auto bailout
verifiable:"When I took office, the deficit was nearly 10 percent of our economy. Today, it's approaching 3 percent."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says deficit fell from 10 percent of GDP to 3 percent on his watch
verifiable:Under sequestration, the military was cut "down to the smallest Army since 1940, the smallest Navy since 1915."  
verifiable:Lindsey Graham: Army is smallest since 1940, Navy smallest since 1915
verifiable:Says Sen. Kay Hagan "has missed half of the (Senate Armed Services) Committee's hearings in 2014."  
verifiable:Thom Tillis claims Kay Hagan didn't attend half the Armed Services Committee hearings this year
verifiable:Says Bruce Braley "threatened to sue a neighbor over chickens that came onto (his) property."  
verifiable:Did Bruce Braley threaten to sue his neighbor over rogue chickens?
verifiable:"I recently had the opportunity to vote to give the president limited authority to begin strikes against terrorists in Iraq and Syria."  
verifiable:Bruce Braley says he voted to 'give the president limited authority to begin strikes' against ISIS
verifiable:"Mary Landrieu voted to take away your gun rights."  
verifiable:Scary NRA ad claims Mary Landrieu voted to take away gun rights
verifiable:Says personhood legislation she sponsored would not have restricted access to reproductive services and was "simply a statement that I support life."  
verifiable:Braley, Ernst debate anti-abortion legislation impact
verifiable:"94 percent of those that are employed by the Department of Education at the federal level were deemed by the department as nonessential employees."  
verifiable:Joni Ernst says 94 percent of Education Department employees are 'nonessential'
verifiable:Countries with a higher minimum wage than the United States’ $7.25 an hour include Denmark at $21, Australia at $15.81, Germany at $11 and France at $12.35.  
verifiable:Do other countries have a higher minimum wage than the United States? 
verifiable:"Sen. Mark Begich cast the deciding vote in favor of President Obama’s authority to issue executive amnesty to illegal aliens."  
verifiable:Begich's record on illegal immigration a target in Alaska Senate race
verifiable:Says Mary Landrieu voted to fund benefits for illegal immigrants ahead of veterans.  
verifiable:Bill Cassidy says Mary Landrieu 'put illegal immigrants ahead of veterans'
verifiable:Congress includes 36 people accused of spousal abuse, 84 arrested for drunk driving in the past year, 71 with terrible credit and more.  
verifiable:NBA vs. NFL? Or Congress? Answer to Facebook meme is none of the above
verifiable:"In 2011, (the Islamic State) attempted to attack Fort Knox."  
verifiable:Rep. Peter King says Islamic State tried to attack Fort Knox in 2011
verifiable:Says Sen. Mark Begich is ineffective because he has only "passed one bill, the naming of a building."  
verifiable:Senate candidate Dan Sullivan says Sen. Mark Begich has only passed one law
verifiable:Says "President Obama hijacked the farm bill (and) turned it into a food stamp bill."  
verifiable:Tom Cotton incorrectly says Obama turned farm bill into food stamps bill
verifiable:Says Tom Steyer is a "California billionaire who stands to profit by blocking Keystone" and "is spending big to help" Bruce Braley.       
verifiable:Would billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer profit if Keystone Pipeline was killed?
verifiable:"Three of five detainees swapped (for Bowe Bergdahl) are now ISIS leaders."  
verifiable:Are three detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl now ISIS leaders?
verifiable:"There is no state in the U.S. where a 40-hour minimum wage work week is enough to afford a two-bedroom apartment."  
verifiable:Minimum wage means most 2-bedroom apartments are out of reach
verifiable:"It is true that we know that ISIS is present in Ciudad Juarez (Mexico)"  
verifiable:Is ISIS in Mexico and planning to cross the border?
verifiable:Children who witness domestic violence are "twice as likely to commit it themselves."       
verifiable:Klobuchar: Children who witness domestic violence are twice as likely to commit domestic violence
verifiable:"Income inequality is worse in towns run by Democrat mayors than in towns run by Republican mayors."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says income inequality is worse in cities with Democratic mayors
verifiable:Says "John Barrow voted with Obama 85 percent of the time."  
verifiable:NRCC says Rep. John Barrow, D-Ga., voted with Barack Obama 85% of the time
verifiable:Says "Nick Rahall voted with Obama 94 percent of the time."  
verifiable:NRCC says Nick Rahall voted with Barack Obama 94% of the time
verifiable:Says Mitch McConnell voted "three times for corporate tax breaks that send Kentucky jobs overseas."  
verifiable:Alison Lundergan Grimes ad says Mitch McConnell voted for corporate tax breaks for outsourcing
verifiable:Says President Obama "has never made a statement ... that he wanted a residual force left (in Iraq)."  
verifiable:McCain: Obama never said he wanted to leave troops in Iraq
verifiable:"(Obama's) entire national security team, including his secretary of state, said we want to arm and train and equip (Syrian rebel forces), and he made the unilateral decision to turn them down."       
verifiable:John McCain says Barack Obama went against national security team's advice to arm Syrian rebels
verifiable:In Tripoli, "jihadists today swim in our embassy pool."  
verifiable:Does a video show jihadists jumping into a U.S. embassy pool?
verifiable:Saturday Night Live executive producer "Lorne Michaels could be put in jail under this amendment for making fun of any politician."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says SNL's Lorne Michaels could be jailed under Democratic-backed amendment
verifiable:Says cuts to Medicare affect people who have already "paid in. We paid for it."  
verifiable:How much have Medicare beneficiaries 'paid in' to the system?
verifiable:Says Democratic Senate candidate "Bruce Braley voted to cut $700 billion from Medicare to support Obamacare."  
verifiable:GOP ad says Bruce Braley 'voted to cut $700 billion from Medicare to support Obamacare'
verifiable:Says on contraception, his plan is "cheaper and easier for you" than Sen. Mark Udall’s  
verifiable:Cory Gardner says his plan for contraceptives, namely the pill, is cheaper than Mark Udall's
verifiable:Says his comment about extremists being a JV team "wasn’t specifically referring to" Islamic State.  
verifiable:What Obama said about Islamic State as a 'JV' team
verifiable:Says Mark Pryor voted "to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants."  
verifiable:Did Mark Pryor vote 'to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants'?
verifiable:Says Dan Sullivan approved a "light sentence" for a sex offender who got out of prison and is now charged with a gruesome murder and sexual assault.  
verifiable:Sen. Begich wrongly ties Republican opponent to horrific crime in inflammatory ad
verifiable:Says Sen. Jeanne Shaheen’s "wealth has surged while in public office."  
verifiable:Conservative group says Jeanne Shaheen's wealth has 'surged' since '08 election
verifiable:"Over 73% of all donations raised (from the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge) are going to fundraising, overhead, executive salaries, and external donations."  
verifiable:Bloggers incorrectly blast ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, saying 73% goes to overhead, fundraising
verifiable:Says Michigan U.S. Senate candidate Terri Lynn Land "said guaranteeing equal pay for women who do the same job as men is not a good idea."  
verifiable:Democratic group takes Terri Lynn Land's comments on equal pay out of context
verifiable:The United States had "allies lined up" for air strikes in Syria and then Obama "pulled the rug out."  
verifiable:Peter King: U.S. had 'allies lined up' for air strikes in Syria before Obama 'pulled the rug out'
verifiable:After merging with Tim Hortons of Canada, Burger King is "not moving. … Our headquarters will remain in Miami" and "(we) will continue to pay all of our federal, state and local U.S. taxes."  
verifiable:Burger King says it's 'not moving' and 'will continue to pay all' of its taxes
verifiable:"In 1952, the corporate income tax accounted for 33 percent of all federal tax revenue. Today, despite record-breaking profits, corporate taxes bring in less than 9 percent."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says tax share paid by corporations has fallen from 33% to 9% since 1952
verifiable:Says Tom Cotton "voted against preparing America for pandemics like Ebola."  
verifiable:Pryor says Cotton voted 'no' on pandemic prevention bill, ignores Cotton's 'yes' vote
verifiable:"Cory Gardner is sponsoring a bill to ban all abortions right now."  
verifiable:Democratic group claims Cory Gardner backs bill to 'ban all abortions'
verifiable:Says he holds the record for "most appearances on 'Meet the Press'."  
verifiable:John McCain says he holds the record for 'Meet the Press' appearances
verifiable:Says Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad chartered a plane to remove 124 young illegal immigrants from his state and take them back to Honduras.  
verifiable:Did Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad charter a jet to send 124 immigrant children back to Honduras?
verifiable:Says Thom Tillis "gives tax breaks to yacht and jet owners."  
verifiable:Ad says Senate candidate Thom Tillis gave tax breaks to North Carolina's yacht and jet owners  
verifiable:Police in the United States are allowed to use tear gas even though it "has been classified as a chemical weapon and banned in international conflict since 1993."  
verifiable:Tear gas was banned for warfare in 1993 but police still use it, viral meme says
verifiable:Says of Mitch McConnell, "What can happen in 30 years? A senator can become a multi-millionaire in public office."  
verifiable:Alison Lundergan Grimes ad says Mitch McConnell made millions in public office
verifiable:Congress is on "vacation."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says Congress was going on 'vacation,' on eve of his own vacation
verifiable:Says Iowa Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst "would privatize Social Security."  
verifiable:Democratic ad says Iowa GOP candidate Joni Ernst backs privatizing Social Security
verifiable:"Washington has incentivized the militarization of local police precincts."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says federal program incentivizes police militarization
verifiable:While "Arkansas seniors depend on Social Security and Medicare," Sen. Mark Pryor supports an overhaul so they "couldn’t get Social Security until they turn 68 or 69."  
verifiable:In Arkansas Senate race, Crossroads GPS accuses Mark Pryor of wanting to raise the retirement age
verifiable:"In six years, (U.S. Rep. Gary) Peters introduced zero bills that became law."  
verifiable:Conservative group claims Michigan Senate candidate Gary Peters hasn't done anything in Congress
verifiable:Says Rep. Tom Reed, R-N.Y., "voted to raise the Social Security retirement age on us."  
verifiable:New York state Democrat's TV ad challenges GOP congressman over raising the retirement age
verifiable:"I've been here almost every day."  
verifiable:Missouri governor says he's been in Ferguson 'almost every day' since shooting
verifiable:Says the former president of the Czech Republic said the American people were a "confederacy of fools" for electing Barack Obama.   
verifiable:Chain email says former Czech president called American people a 'confederacy of fools'
verifiable:"If 20 million illegals vote, you can kiss the Second Amendment goodbye."  
verifiable:Granting illegal immigrants amnesty will destroy second amendment, says Senate candidate Joe Miller 
verifiable:Says he "voted for even stronger protections (in the Violence Against Women Act) than Obama's agenda will allow."  
verifiable:Mitch McConnell ad says he supported 'stronger' Violence Against Women Act than Barack Obama
verifiable:Says Mitch McConnell voted "two times against the Violence Against Women Act."  
verifiable:Alison Lundergan Grimes ad claims McConnell twice voted against Violence Against Women Act
verifiable:"The startup rate of Hispanic businesses is three times the national rate."  
verifiable:Conservative group says Hispanic business growth is three times faster than the national average
verifiable:Top U.S. intelligence officials have told "every member of Congress, including the president, we’re about to be attacked in a serious way because (of) the threat emanating from Syria and Iraq."  
verifiable:Graham: U.S. intelligence leaders predicting ISIS attack in America
verifiable:"In 1978, a student who worked a minimum-wage summer job could afford to pay a year's full tuition at the 4-year public university of their choice."  
verifiable:Could a minimum-wage earner in 1978 earn enough in a summer to pay a full year's tuition?
verifiable:"What (the Obama administration is) going to come out with in the next several months is you're not even going to be able to burn coal very limitedly in the existing plants."  
verifiable:Will EPA regulations stop plants from burning coal, like Shelley Moore Capito says?
verifiable:"The president's come out with rules that say, 'No new coal-fired power plants.' "  
verifiable:West Virginia Senate candidate says Barack Obama is banning new coal power plants
verifiable:"I haven’t really proposed (phasing out aid to Israel) in the past."  
verifiable:Did Rand Paul propose cutting off aid to Israel?
verifiable:"It cost us more to shut the government down than to keep it open."  
verifiable:Rand Paul rightly says the government shutdown was more expensive than keeping it open
verifiable:In the "do-nothing Senate," there are 352 House bills "sitting on Harry Reid’s desk awaiting action," including 55 introduced by Democrats.    
verifiable:Rep. Lynn Jenkins blames Harry Reid for 'do-nothing Senate'
verifiable:Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst signed a pledge that "protects tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas."  
verifiable:Ad says Joni Ernst pledged to protect tax breaks for companies that outsource
verifiable:Says U.S. Senate candidate Cory Gardner "blocked immigration reform" and "voted to deport our DREAMers."  
verifiable:SEIU's Spanish-language ad claims Cory Gardner is blocking immigration legislation in Congress
verifiable:The United States is at "historic record highs" of individuals being apprehended on the border from countries with terrorist ties such as "Pakistan or Afghanistan or Syria."  
verifiable:Rick Perry: 'Historic record highs' of people from terrorists states being apprehended at border
verifiable:Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst does not support "a national minimum wage."   
verifiable:U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst does not support a national minimum wage, says her opponent
verifiable:"Global warming is a hoax."  
verifiable:Global warming is a hoax, says Louisiana congressional hopeful Lenar Whitney
verifiable:"We did not seek an impeachment of President Bush."  
verifiable:Jackson Lee says 'we did not seek an impeachment of President Bush' but she co-sponsored '08 bill
verifiable:"The House of Representatives has never sued a sitting president in all of U.S. history."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says U.S. House 'has never sued a sitting president in all of U.S. history'
verifiable:"We would create thousands of jobs in Colorado, if the Keystone Pipeline were to be built."  
verifiable:Cory Gardner says Keystone XL pipeline would create thousands of jobs in Colorado
verifiable:Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, "skipped an important VA reform hearing to attend three fundraisers."  
verifiable:Ad says Bruce Braley was raising money during a veterans affairs hearing
verifiable:Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, missed "79 percent of veterans affairs committee hearings."  
verifiable:How many veterans affairs hearings did Bruce Braley miss?
verifiable:"97 percent of the 100 poorest counties in America are in red states."  
verifiable:Are 97 of the nation's 100 poorest counties in red states?
verifiable:Says Mark Pryor "continues to insist" that Obamacare is "an amazing success."  
verifiable:Tom Cotton says Mark Pryor 'continues to insist' that Obamacare is an 'amazing success'
verifiable:The Obama administration's policies "have reduced minority dropout rate by 25 percent."  
verifiable:Joe Biden says Obama policies have cut minority dropout rate by 25 percent
verifiable:"By some estimates, as few as 2 percent of the 50,000 (Central American) children who have crossed the border illegally this year have been sent home."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush says 2 percent of children apprehended at border in 2014 were returned
verifiable:The state of New York is the "worst in the nation in economic recovery."  
verifiable:Rob Astorino, GOP challenger to Andrew Cuomo, says New York had worst recovery from recession
verifiable:Russia "has an economy the size of Italy."       
verifiable:Graham: Russia 'has an economy the size of Italy'
verifiable:A tax plan promoted by North Carolina Senate candidate Thom Tillis will "overwhelmingly benefit the wealthy."  
verifiable:Liberal PAC says Senate candidate Thom Tillis’ tax plan will 'overwhelmingly benefit the wealthy'
verifiable:The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit compared the health care law to buying a pepperoni and ham pizza from Domino's or Pizza Hut.  
verifiable:DNC Chair says Fourth Circuit court used pizza analogy to uphold health care law
verifiable:"There were 36 states where Republicans who were in charge refused to implement a state (health insurance) exchange."  
verifiable:Debbie Wasserman Schultz says GOP governors blocked state insurance markets in 36 states
verifiable:"We've recovered (from the recession) faster and come farther than almost any other advanced country on Earth."       
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. has recovered from recession better than almost every advanced country
verifiable:Says a new report shows the "devastating tax hikes (in the health care law) will have on middle-class Kentuckians."  
verifiable:Mitch McConnell claims 'devastating' tax increase on middle class looming due to health care law
verifiable:Under Gov. Tom Corbett, "Pennsylvania ranks 49th in job creation."  
verifiable:Democratic group says Pennsylvania is 49th in job creation under Gov. Tom Corbett
verifiable:The number of jobs created and people lifted out of poverty during Bill Clinton’s presidency was "a hundred times" what it was under President Ronald Reagan.  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says economic stats were 100 times better under Bill Clinton than Ronald Reagan
verifiable:Says former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said that "if the workers are more insecure, that's very healthy for the society" because "they'll serve the masters gladly and passively."  
verifiable:Social media meme says Alan Greenspan said insecure workers 'serve the masters gladly'
verifiable:"The so-called defense minister of the People's Republic of Donetsk ... actually posted a bragging social media posting of having shot down a military transport. And then when it became apparent it was civilian, they pulled it down from social media."       
verifiable:Kerry: Ukrainian separatist 'bragged' on social media about shooting down Malaysia Flight 17
verifiable:"More women are graduating from college now than men."  
verifiable:Mitch McConnell says more women graduate from college than men do
verifiable:Amid the "crisis at our southern border," there are "reports of illegal migrants carrying deadly diseases such as … Ebola virus."  
verifiable:Rep. Phil Gingrey says migrants may be bringing Ebola virus through the U.S.-Mexico border
verifiable:Alaska Sens. Lisa Murkowski and Mark Begich "vote as much as 80 percent of the time together."  
verifiable:Do Alaska Sens. Mark Begich and Lisa Murkowski vote together 80 percent of the time?
verifiable:Former President George W. Bush and former Vice President Dick Cheney are "unable to visit Europe due to outstanding warrants."  
verifiable:Are George W. Bush, Dick Cheney unable to visit Europe due to threat of arrest?
verifiable:"We spend $18 billion a year on making sure that the federal government has immigrant enforcement agents. That's more than DEA and the ATF and the FBI and all the other enforcement (agencies) combined."  
verifiable:Luis Gutierrez says U.S. spends more on immigration enforcement than other agencies combined
verifiable:"74 percent of Republicans support the Affordable Care Act."  
verifiable:Democratic Rep. Donna Edwards says '74% of Republicans support the Affordable Care Act'
verifiable:Says "nothing" in Obama’s $3.7 billion request to address the child immigrant situation "actually secures the border."  
verifiable:Rep. Steve King says Obama's $3.7 billion immigration plan has no border security measures
verifiable:"This president has offered fewer executive actions than almost any other president preceding his presidency in recent history."  
verifiable:Texas Democrat: Obama 'offered fewer executive actions than almost any other president' 
verifiable:The U.S. Supreme Court is "five guys who start determining what contraceptions are legal."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says Supreme Court is 'five guys who start determining what contraceptions are legal'
verifiable:When undocumented children are picked up at the border and "told to appear later in court ... 90 percent do not then show up."  
verifiable:Sen. Jeff Flake says 90 percent of immigrants given court dates fail to show up
verifiable:"If you're a Mexican, you get sent back. ... But if you're from a noncontiguous country like the Central American countries" then you can stay in the United States.  
verifiable:Texas congressman says immigrant minors from countries that don't border the U.S. can stay
verifiable:Says Mitch McConnell voted to raise Medicare costs for a current Kentucky senior by $6,000.  
verifiable:Did Mitch McConnell vote to raise a senior's Medicare costs by $6,000?
verifiable:Says Alison Lundergan Grimes "supports Obamacare, which cuts $700 billion from seniors’ Medicare."  
verifiable:McConnell: opponent Alison Lundergan Grimes supports Obamacare, $700 billion in Medicare cuts
verifiable:"Justice John Roberts Signed Off On Obama’s Arrest For Treason."  
verifiable:Did John Roberts issue an arrest warrant for Barack Obama over charges of treason?
verifiable:Says he "voted for disaster relief and full funding of FEMA."  
verifiable:Rep. Tom Cotton defends his voting record on disaster relief in Arkansas Senate race
verifiable:"In the last three years alone, 13 times, the Supreme Court, unanimously, 9-0, including all of the president's liberal picks, have struck down the president's executive orders."  
verifiable:GOP spokesman says Supreme Court unanimously ruled against Barack Obama's executive orders 13 times
verifiable:The Obama administration estimates the number of children at the border is "going to increase to 150,000 to 200,000 next year."  
verifiable:Rep. Labrador: Administration predicts 150-200,000 children at the border in 2015
verifiable:"Thanks to #ObamaCare, average E.R. wait in California is 5 hours."  
verifiable:RNC chair Reince Priebus 'thanks' Barack Obama for five-hour E.R. wait times in California
verifiable:"Justin Amash is rated Michigan’s No. 1 conservative" by National Right to Life.  
verifiable:Justin Amash says pro-life group rates him the top Michigan conservative
verifiable:"A salesclerk at Hobby Lobby who needs contraception … is not going to get that service through her employer’s health care plan because her employer doesn’t think she should be using contraception."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says a Hobby Lobby salesclerk 'is not going to get' contraception
verifiable:"As Alaska’s attorney general, (U.S. Senate candidate Dan) Sullivan successfully fought to protect our Second Amendment rights and passed ‘stand your ground.’ "  
verifiable:Senate candidate Dan Sullivan says he passed 'stand your ground' in Alaska
verifiable:"Women of childbearing age spend 68 percent more in out-of-pocket health care costs than men."  
verifiable:Ruth Bader Ginsburg dissent says women pay 68 percent more out of pocket for health care
verifiable:"Congressman (Tom) Cotton is the only Arkansan in Congress -- Democrat or Republican -- to vote against disaster relief five times."  
verifiable:Did Arkansas Rep. Tom Cotton vote against disaster relief five times?
verifiable:The Export-Import Bank "doesn’t cost taxpayers anything."  
verifiable:Rep. Hartzler says Export-Import Bank is free for taxpayers
verifiable:The "9-0 decision last week was the 13th time the Supreme Court voted 9-0 that the president had exceeded his constitutional authority."  
verifiable:GOP leader: Supreme Court has ruled 13 times that Obama exceeded his constitutional authority
verifiable:"In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says, 'In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition'
verifiable:Says Iowa Senate candidate Joni Ernst "promises to shut down the Department of Education and abolish the EPA."  
verifiable:Does Joni Ernst want to abolish the Education Department and the EPA? 
verifiable:"The nearly six-year delay in approving Keystone is costing Americans more than 100,000 jobs."  
verifiable:John Boehner says Keystone XL pipeline would create 100,000 jobs
verifiable:Says Barack Obama is the "first president to appoint 45 czars to replace elected officials in his office."  
verifiable:Obama appointed 45 czars to replace elected officials, chain email claims
verifiable:"The United States is the only developed country in the world without paid maternity leave."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. differs from developed world on paid maternity leave
verifiable:"I don't own a single stock or bond … I have no savings accounts."  
verifiable:Biden says he has no stocks, bonds or savings accounts
verifiable:Says Barack Obama said that "ordinary men and women are too small-minded to govern their own affairs" and that individuals should "surrender their rights to an all-powerful sovereign."  
verifiable:Video of Barack Obama speech circulating on the Internet was edited to change his meaning
verifiable:"By 2006, the American people were overwhelmingly against the Iraq War."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says by 2006, Americans 'were overwhelmingly against the Iraq War'
verifiable:Says 11 soccer players on the U.S. Men’s National Team are immigrants.  
verifiable:Are there immigrants on the 2014 U.S. Men's World Cup team?
verifiable:"Thom Tillis cut almost $500 million from education."  
verifiable:Did Republican Senate candidate Tillis cut $500 million from the North Carolina education budget?
verifiable:President Barack Obama "is the first president to keep a dog-trainer on retainer for $102,000 a year at taxpayer expense."  
verifiable:Does Obama have a 'dog-trainer on retainer for $102,000 a year at taxpayer expense'?
verifiable:"Thousands of Westerners and Americans" are fighting with extremists in eastern Syria and Iraq.   
verifiable:Are thousands of Westerners and Americans fighting with extremists in Iraq and Syria?
verifiable:Barack Obama is the "first president to file lawsuits against the states he swore an oath to protect."  
verifiable:Chain email falsely says Barack Obama is 'first president to file lawsuits against the states he swore an oath to protect'
verifiable:"Gun homicide is down 49 percent in the past 12 years."  
verifiable:Viral meme says gun homicides are down 49 percent in past 12 years
verifiable:"Only after news broke that our veterans are dying because of inadequate health care did Harry Reid and Senate Democrats take action."  
verifiable:Bill Cassidy said Senate Democrats only moved to fund new VA clinics after scandal
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton’s approval rating went from 70 percent to 52 percent in 18 months.  
verifiable:Reince Priebus says Hillary Clinton's poll numbers have plummeted
verifiable:"It was Dan Sullivan who wrote a bill to cut Alaskans out of those decisions" about where they can hunt and fish.  
verifiable:PAC ad: Republican Senate candidate Sullivan wrote a bill to cut Alaskans out of hunting decisions
verifiable:There have been 74 "school shootings in America since Sandy Hook."  
verifiable:Have there been 74 school shootings since Sandy Hook? A closer look at a tricky statistic
verifiable:"The U.S. military footprint in Africa is nearly nonexistent."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says in memoir that there's very little U.S. military presence in Africa
verifiable:"In Iran in 1979, the extremists hijacked the broad-based popular revolution against the Shah and established a brutal theocracy."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says in Iran in 1979, extremists hijacked a broad-based, popular revolution against the Shah
verifiable:By 2009, "dozens of senior terrorists had been taken off the battlefield" by drones.  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says by 2009, U.S. drones had killed 'dozens' of senior terrorists
verifiable:"We came out of the White House not only dead broke, but in debt."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says she and Bill were 'dead broke'
verifiable:"By the time I left" the State Department, "economic growth was up and opium production was down" in Afghanistan, while "infant mortality declined" and school enrollment rose by more than sevenfold.  
verifiable:In new book, Hillary Clinton touts quality-of-life advances in Afghanistan
verifiable:"Obama Signs Bill Forgiving All Student Loan Debt."  
verifiable:Did Barack Obama sign a bill to forgive all outstanding student debt? No
verifiable:"Sen. McConnell says it's not his job to bring jobs to Kentucky."  
verifiable:Alison Lundergan Grimes charges that Mitch McConnell says "it's not his job to bring jobs to Kentucky”
verifiable:Due to actions by President Barack Obama, "the Burger King national headquarters announced this month that they will be pulling their franchises from our military bases."  
verifiable:Is Burger King quitting its military-base outlets because of Barack Obama's policies?
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton "laid the groundwork" for getting chemical weapons out of Syria.  
verifiable:Claire McCaskill credits Hillary Clinton for 'groundwork' in Syria chemical weapons deal
verifiable:The five Taliban detainees being released from Guantanamo in exchange for captured Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl "are the hardest of the hard-core. These are the highest high-risk people."  
verifiable:John McCain says five Taliban detainees freed in Bowe Bergdahl exchange 'are the hardest of the hard-core'
verifiable:New carbon regulations will increase electric bills by "$17 billion every year" and "potentially put an average of 224,000 more people out of work every year."  
verifiable:Boehner: Obama's climate change policies will kill 224,000 jobs and surge electric bills by billions
verifiable:Says Barack Obama broke a decades-old policy of "not negotiating with terrorists."       
verifiable:Ted Cruz: 'U.S. policy has changed, now we make deals with terrorists'
verifiable:Says Barack Obama is the only American president who has not visited the D-Day Monument in Normandy on D-Day.  
verifiable:Chain email falsely claims Obama is only president not to visit D-Day monument
verifiable:Says Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., only needs about 40,000 to 50,000 votes to win election to Congress compared with the 120,000 votes King needs, because Waters has a higher immigrant population.  
verifiable:Rep. Steve King says Maxine Waters wins election with fewer votes because of lower turnout
verifiable:"Solar panels drain the sun’s energy."  
verifiable:Claim that solar panels drain the sun’s energy is satire, not science
verifiable:Senate immigration legislation is the "Obama-Reid plan to give illegal immigrants amnesty."  
verifiable:Eric Cantor says Senate immigration reform efforts are the Obama-Reid amnesty plan
verifiable:"For every one job created under the Obama administration, 75 people went on food stamps."  
verifiable:Social media meme says 75 have joined food stamp rolls for every job created under Barack Obama
verifiable:Surface temperatures on Earth "have stabilized."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says surface temperatures on Earth 'have stabilized'
verifiable:"Obama Announces Plans For A Third Term Presidential Run"  
verifiable:Rumors of third Barack Obama term are satire passed off as truth
verifiable:"Today, the five largest financial institutions are 38 percent bigger than they were back in 2008, when they were too big to fail."  
verifiable:Elizabeth Warren says the top five banks are 38 percent larger than at the time of the bailout
verifiable:Says Hillary Clinton opposed an individual mandate and favored an employer mandate back in 1993.  
verifiable:Was Hillary Clinton against the individual mandate during the 1990s?
verifiable:"Canadian middle class incomes are now higher than in the United States. They are working fewer hours for more pay, … living longer on average, and facing less income inequality."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says United States is falling behind Canada on key measurements
verifiable:Says Mark Begich "has taken campaign cash from the Kochs" while Dan Sullivan hasn’t.  
verifiable:GOP opponent says Mark Begich took campaign money from Koch brothers
verifiable:"Idaho was the only Republican-led state in the nation that chose to partner with President Obama" by creating a state-based marketplace under the Affordable Care Act.  
verifiable:In Idaho debate that went viral, challenger misfires on Obamacare marketplace claim
verifiable:"Virtually no Republican" in Washington accepts climate change science.  
verifiable:Jerry Brown says 'virtually no Republican' in Washington accepts climate change science
verifiable:"We were the last flag flying in Benghazi."  
verifiable:Trey Gowdy said the United States was 'the last flag flying in Benghazi'
verifiable:"No Republicans voted for" recent hikes in the income tax, payroll tax, capital gains tax, dividend tax and estate tax. "These taxes were all passed under … Obamacare."  
verifiable:Chain email overstates tax increases, incorrectly says they all stem from Obamacare
verifiable:Human activity is not "causing these dramatic changes to our climate."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says humans are not causing climate change 
verifiable:Congress used earmarks "for more than 200 years."  
verifiable:Harry Reid says Congress used earmarks for 200 years
verifiable:Says Rep. Justin Amash "votes more with the Democrats than with the Republicans."  
verifiable:Does tea party favorite Justin Amash vote more often with Democrats or Republicans?
verifiable:"During the George W. Bush period, there were 13 attacks on various embassies and consulates around the world. Sixty people died."  
verifiable:Prior to Benghazi, were there 13 attacks on embassies and 60 deaths under President George W. Bush?
verifiable:If you work 40 hours a week at the proposed minimum wage of $10.10 an hour, "you get out of poverty."  
verifiable:Does a $10.10 minimum wage get you out of poverty?
verifiable:"A small majority of Americans don’t think they like the Affordable Care Act, but a large majority of Americans don’t want to do away with the protections that are in the Affordable Care Act."  
verifiable:Hillary Clinton says people don't like health care law, but like its individual components 
verifiable:Idaho Republican Rep. Mike Simpson is a "liberal" who voted with Nancy Pelosi to "fund sex study programs of San Francisco prostitutes" and "to regulate the sale of firearms."       
verifiable:Are Mike Simpson and Nancy Pelosi politically aligned?
verifiable:Says the Club for Growth tries to defeat Republicans, and that its president called Nancy Pelosi "the person I respect the most in Washington."  
verifiable:Did conservative Club for Growth president say he respected Nancy Pelosi?
verifiable:The death penalty "is a deterrent that does affect and impact people."  
verifiable:Tom Coburn: Death penalty deters violent criminals
verifiable:"Every single one of the 41 Republican senators who just blocked a raise in the minimum wage will receive a $2,800 cost-of-living adjustment on January 1, 2015."  
verifiable:Social media meme says lawmakers will get $2,800 raise in January 2015
verifiable:"For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says 40 times more Kentuckians have gotten health-insurance cancellation notices than signed up for Obamacare
verifiable:"On (Tom) Wolf’s watch, taxes were high, killing 100,000 PA jobs."  
verifiable:Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett attacks Democratic rival Tom Wolf over taxes, job losses
verifiable:"Many" of the founding fathers were "very actively involved" in cockfighting.  
verifiable:Were the founding fathers active cockfighters?
verifiable:"The average minimum wage worker is 35 years old."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says 'the average minimum wage worker is 35 years old'
verifiable:Says a pro-Democratic ad is "false" for saying that he allowed two disgraced staffers in 2012 to "resign."  
verifiable:Thom Tillis, Senate Majority PAC disagree on disgraced staffers
verifiable:"Over 300K home owner suicides attributed to foreclosures."  
verifiable:Social media meme says 300,000 suicides are attributable to foreclosures
verifiable:Says Cory Gardner "championed an eight-year crusade to outlaw birth control here in Colorado."  
verifiable:Mark Udall ad says Cory Gardner 'championed' Colorado fight to ban birth control
verifiable:"The President wants the U.S. to sign on to the U.N.’s International Criminal Court."  
verifiable:Chain email says Barack Obama wants U.S. to join International Criminal Court
verifiable:"More than 1,000 American soldiers have lost their lives in Afghanistan in the last 27 months. This is more than the combined total of the nine years before."  
verifiable:Chain email says 'more than 1,000 American soldiers have lost their lives in Afghanistan in the last 27 months'
verifiable:Says Al Franken "voted to exempt himself and Congress from enrolling in (the Affordable Care Act marketplaces)."  
verifiable:GOP challenger says Al Franken voted to exempt himself from health care law
verifiable:"Americans will spend more on taxes in 2014 than they will on food, clothing and housing combined."  
verifiable:Do Americans pay more in taxes than in food, clothing and housing?
verifiable:Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis "called Obamacare ‘a great idea.’ "  
verifiable:Kay Hagan says GOP rival Thom Tillis called Obamacare 'a great idea'
verifiable:"Obama has proposed 442 tax hikes since taking office."  
verifiable:Obama has proposed 442 tax hikes, says anti-tax group
verifiable:"One thing that is much more unpopular than the Affordable Care Act is repealing the Affordable Care Act."  
verifiable:Which is more unpopular: Obamacare or repealing Obamacare?
verifiable:"In the last couple of days, notices were sent (by officials in Ukraine) to Jews in one city indicating that they had to identify themselves as Jews."  
verifiable:John Kerry says Jews in eastern Ukraine told to register
verifiable:Says opposing the Paycheck Fairness Act is part of the Koch brothers’ agenda.  
verifiable:Gary Peters says Koch brothers oppose Paycheck Fairness Act
verifiable:"Eighty percent of Wall Street executives and their spouses' donations go to Democrats."  
verifiable:Texas Republican Rep. Louie Gohmert says 80 percent of individual donations from Wall Street go to Democrats
verifiable:A recent Gallup poll found that 72 percent of Americans and 56 percent of Democrats "say the biggest threat to our nation's security is big government."  
verifiable:GOP Rep. Marsha Blackburn says 56 percent of Democrats say 'big government' is 'the biggest threat to our nation's security'
verifiable:Americans spend "6.1 billion hours a year" on tax preparation.  
verifiable:It takes Americans 6.1 billion hours to prepare their taxes, says Virginia Foxx
verifiable:Says Mark Udall "decided Obamacare. ... He passed Obamacare with his vote."  
verifiable:In Colorado Senate race, Cory Gardner says Mark Udall 'passed Obamacare with his vote'
verifiable:Says the Koch brothers want to "protect tax cuts for companies that ship our jobs overseas."  
verifiable:Senate Dem group claims Koch brothers support tax breaks for outsourcing jobs
verifiable:Says Bruce Braley took "tens of thousands from his friends in the health insurance industry" and gave them "special favors" by voting for Obamacare.  
verifiable:Freedom Partners ad accuses Rep. Bruce Braley of giving 'special favors' to insurers by voting for Obamacare
verifiable:"Before Congress, (Tom) Cotton got paid handsomely working for insurance companies and corporate interests."  
verifiable:Democratic PAC says Tom Cotton 'got paid handsomely working for insurance companies'
verifiable:Says the Koch brothers "funded the fight to let flood insurance premiums soar ... Now they’re spending millions to buy a Senate seat for Bill Cassidy so he can fight for them."  
verifiable:Democratic group assails Koch Brothers' role in Louisiana Senate race
verifiable:"Who will raising the minimum wage actually help? … More than half work full-time. The average worker is 35 years old."  
verifiable:White House says most of those helped by its minimum-wage hike are full-time workers, with average age of 35
verifiable:"More than 3 million young adults ... have gained insurance under (the Affordable Care Act) by staying on their family’s plan."  
verifiable:Obama says more than 3 million young adults got health coverage from parents' plans 
verifiable:"When people enter the service, there’s not a mental health evaluation."  
verifiable:McCaul: 'When people enter the service, there’s not a mental health evaluation'
verifiable:Says Michelle Obama waved "red communist flags" on her trip to China.  
verifiable:Chain email says Michelle Obama waved communist flags in China
verifiable:This is the first time since World War II that five nuclear-powered aircraft carriers were docked together.  
verifiable:Were five aircraft carriers docked in one place in 2014, and was that a risk prompted by Barack Obama?
verifiable:"EPA officials have commended (Koch Industries) for our ‘commitment to a cleaner environment’ and called us ‘a model for other companies.’ "  
verifiable:Has the EPA called Koch brothers businesses a 'model' company for a clean environment?
verifiable:Says the goal of the Affordable Care Act was to get 30 million people insured, but it only got 7 million.  
verifiable:Rubio says health care law fell short of goal for 30 million signups
verifiable:Says he has engaged in the political process "only in the past decade."  
verifiable:Charles Koch, in op-ed, says his political engagement began only in the last decade
verifiable:Says the estate tax is a threat to family farms.  
verifiable:Pro-McConnell group says the estate tax makes it hard for family farms to survive
verifiable:The Koch brothers are "the richest people in the world. Individually, they're only fifth. Put them together they're the richest in the world."  
verifiable:Harry Reid says Koch brothers are richest family in the world
verifiable:A Koch brothers group is "going to college campuses, giving away free booze to try to bribe young folks out of getting health insurance."  
verifiable:Organizing for Action says Koch brothers group used booze to bribe young people out of buying health insurance
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama's acceptance of an "Islamic order and gold medal" was "unconstitutional."  
verifiable:Meme says Barack Obama's acceptance of an 'Islamic order and gold medal' was 'unconstitutional'
verifiable:"22 Countries Invaded by the U.S. in 20 Years."  
verifiable:Viral meme says United States has 'invaded' 22 countries in the past 20 years
verifiable:Says Sen. Mitch McConnell is "the No. 1 recipient of contributions from lobbyists this cycle."       
verifiable:Does Mitch McConnell receive more money from lobbyists than any other member of Congress?
verifiable:Says Sen. Thad Cochran "voted to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on ... the Bridge to Nowhere in Alaska instead of shifting the money to repair a bridge damaged by Hurricane Katrina."  
verifiable:Did Mississippi Sen. Thad Cochran spurn Katrina bridge-repair project to back 'Bridge to Nowhere'?
verifiable:"Women take birth control, more than half of them, as a medication for other conditions."  
verifiable:Barbara Boxer says more than half of women use birth control to treat other conditions
verifiable:"Our high school graduation rate is the highest on record."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says high schoolers are graduating at an all-time high 
verifiable:Says Marco Rubio believes the earth is 9,000 years old and that humans hunted dinosaurs to extinction; says  Rand Paul believes the earth is 10,000 years old and God removed dinosaurs "to make space for humans."  
verifiable:Facebook meme claims Rand Paul and Marco Rubio have anti-science views on dinosaurs, earth's age
verifiable:"Americans increasingly want (the Affordable Care Act) to be repealed."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio said Americans increasingly want health law repealed
verifiable:The percentage of black children born without a father in the home has risen from 7 percent in 1964 to 73 percent today, due to changes from President Lyndon Johnson’s Great Society.  
verifiable:Facebook meme blames Great Society for large rise in African-American fatherlessness
verifiable:Says he "forced Washington to open up the Arctic Ocean to oil drilling."  
verifiable:Mark Begich ad says he forced D.C. to open the Arctic to oil drilling
verifiable:Says Ralph Hall is "the oldest member in Congress ever."  
verifiable:Ad attacking Texas Rep. Ralph Hall for age gets a historical fact wrong
verifiable:Millions of Americans are "paying more and getting less" under Obamacare.  
verifiable:Americans for Prosperity claims people are getting less at a higher cost under Obamacare
verifiable:The United States has seen "a net loss of people with health insurance" because of Obamacare.  
verifiable:John Boehner says more people are uninsured since Obamacare took effect
verifiable:Says he has supported "George Bush more than I have Barack Obama."  
verifiable:Rep. Nick Rahall of West Virginia says he supported George Bush more than Barack Obama
verifiable:"We’re at the point of reaching 2 million deportations ... this is a historic level, more than any other president of the United States."  
verifiable:Activist Janet Murguía calls Obama 'deporter-in-chief,' says he has deported more immigrants than other presidents
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama told a room of students, "Children, every time I clap my hands together, a child in America dies from gun violence," and then a child told him he could solve the problem by not clapping any more.  
verifiable:Chain email says child upbraided Barack Obama in 'clapping' demonstration about gun violence
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama’s approval rating "gained 3 points in the last couple months."  
verifiable:Dan Pfeiffer says Obama's approval rating is up from recent months
verifiable:In the recent House special election in Florida, Democrats "got outspent in a Republican district."  
verifiable:Democrats say Alex Sink 'got outspent in a Republican district'
verifiable:"The average family (is) now bringing home $4,000 less than they did just five years ago."  
verifiable:Rob Portman says average U.S. family is earning $4,000 less than five years ago
verifiable:"Most young Americans right now, they’re not covered" by health insurance.  
verifiable:In ‘Between Two Ferns’ interview, Barack Obama says ‘most young Americans’ are not covered by health insurance
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama "is the first president we've ever had who thinks he can choose which laws to enforce and which laws to ignore."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says Barack Obama is first president 'who thinks he can choose which laws to enforce and which laws to ignore'
verifiable:"The president won the youth vote 3 to 1, but his numbers have dropped 20, 30 percent among the youth."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says Obama lost youth support
verifiable:"When I talk about (raising the) minimum wage ... half of Republicans agree with it."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says half of Republicans agree with his proposed minimum wage hike
verifiable:"It isn't me cutting the budget. It's the Congress' decision on sequestration. So it isn't secretary of defense or the president doing this."  
verifiable:Hagel says Congress responsible for defense cuts, not Obama
verifiable:Says "Bill Clinton and George Bush both say build the Keystone XL."  
verifiable:Do Bill Clinton and George Bush support the Keystone XL pipeline?
verifiable:"American Hustle shows the FBI making real-life bribes to Washington politicians. I know, because as your U.S. senator, I turned them down."  
verifiable:Larry Pressler recalls role rejecting Abscam bribe in new campaign ad
verifiable:"Over the past three years, ‘deep poverty’ has reached its highest level on record."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan releases report saying percentage of Americans in 'deep poverty' has hit a record over past three years
verifiable:"The (Russian) ruble is already going down."  
verifiable:John Kerry tells CBS viewers that Russian isolation comes with big economic risks
verifiable:Crimea was part of Russia "until 1954, when it was given to the Soviet Republic of the Ukraine."  
verifiable:Why Crimea matters to Russia
verifiable:Says "by 4th grade, 86 percent of African-American boys and 82 percent (of) Hispanic boys are reading below proficiency levels."  
verifiable:Louise Slaughter tweets that four-in-five black and Hispanic fourth-graders aren't proficient in reading
verifiable:"Fewer black and Latino men participate in the labor force, compared to young white men."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says fewer black, Latino young men participate in the labor force than young white men
verifiable:Says Tom Cotton’s vote in Congress to change Medicare "will increase out-of-pocket expenses for every senior in Arkansas."  
verifiable:Pryor ad warns 'every senior in Arkansas' will see increased Medicare costs from Cotton votes
verifiable:Says Debo Adegbile "was nominated to serve as a judge on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals" and "was abruptly withdrawn by the administration."  
verifiable:Pat Toomey says Barack Obama previously nominated Debo Adegbile in 2011 for a judgeship
verifiable:"Our economy (in Louisiana) has grown 50 percent faster than the national GDP, even since the national recession."  
verifiable:Bobby Jindal says Louisiana's growth has outpaced the nation's since the recession
verifiable:Says Nancy Pelosi said, "Waiting long hours in the emergency room will allow you to make new friends!"  
verifiable:Facebook posts say Pelosi supports longer ER wait times
verifiable:"We’ve got close to 7 million Americans who have access to health care for the first time because of Medicaid expansion."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says Medicaid expansion has brought health care to 7 million who never had access before
verifiable:Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich "is on record supporting a carbon tax, even pushing Harry Reid to make it a priority."  
verifiable:Conservative ad says Begich supports carbon tax
verifiable:Under current policies, "we're going to reduce the overall debt of the United States by $3 trillion over the next 10 years."  
verifiable:Dick Durbin says U.S. debt is on track to fall by $3 trillion in next 10 years
verifiable:"Mitch McConnell voted with Harry Reid to infringe on our gun rights."  
verifiable:Republican challenger Matt Bevin attacks Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's gun record
verifiable:Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich supported President Barack Obama’s economic policies "97 percent of the time."  
verifiable:Begich supports 97 percent of Obama's economic policy, GOP challenger says
verifiable:Obamacare includes a "$700 billion cut from Medicare for seniors."  
verifiable:NRCC says Obamacare cuts money from Medicare and seniors
verifiable:"Nonpartisan government analysts say Obamacare will cost our economy up to 2.5 million jobs."  
verifiable:NRCC says Congressional Budget Office predicts Obamacare will cost economy 2.5 million jobs
verifiable:"300,000 Floridians will lose their current health plans" because of Obamacare, a plan Alex Sink supports.  
verifiable:300,000 in Florida lose health plans? More to the story than that
verifiable:Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis "supports a plan that would end Medicare as we know it."  
verifiable:Democratic group says N.C. GOP Senate hopeful Thom Tillis supports a plan that would 'end Medicare as we know it'
verifiable:North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis would let insurance companies "deny coverage for pre-existing conditions."  
verifiable:Pro-Democratic group says North Carolina Senate candidate Thom Tillis would let pre-existing condition protections disappear
verifiable:Says Rep. Renee Ellmers voted for the government shutdown 21 times.  
verifiable:Clay Aiken says GOP legislator voted 21 times to shut down government
verifiable:"Americans work way more than an average of industrialized countries around the world."  
verifiable:Keith Ellison says Americans work 'way more' than others
verifiable:"If you have a union job, you're making on average $950 a week. If you have a non-union job, you're making $750 a week."  
verifiable:Labor Secretary Thomas Perez says union members earn $200 more a week than those not in unions
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama has issued upwards of 1,000 executive orders, more than any modern president.  
verifiable:Chain email claims Barack Obama has signed 1,000 executive orders to grab power from Congress
verifiable:"According to (Barack) Obama’s newest unconstitutionally enacted law, health care professionals are now required to violate HIPAA privacy laws and submit medical data to the government," which is "then used as justification for gun confiscation."  
verifiable:Conservative website says Barack Obama signed law to require health professionals to share private data that would lead to gun confiscation
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama’s health care law is "expected to destroy 2.3 million jobs."  
verifiable:John Boehner says Obamacare is “expected to destroy 2.3 million jobs”
verifiable:"What is and isn't a Schedule I narcotic is a job for Congress."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says it's up to Congress to change how feds classify marijuana
verifiable:Cuba has "a lower child mortality rate than ours. Their life expectancy is now greater than ours."  
verifiable:Sen. Tom Harkin says Cuba has lower child mortality, longer life expectancy than U.S.
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama "spent nearly a trillion dollars on make-work government jobs."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says Barack Obama 'spent nearly a trillion dollars on make-work government jobs.'
verifiable:Women "make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns."  
verifiable:Barack Obama, in State of the Union, says women make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns
verifiable:"For the first time in over a decade, business leaders around the world have declared that China is no longer the world’s No. 1 place to invest; America is."  
verifiable:Business leaders declared 'China is no longer the world’s No. 1 place to invest; America is,' Obama says
verifiable:"Every four minutes, another American home or business goes solar."  
verifiable:Obama says every four minutes, another home or business goes solar
verifiable:"The federal minimum wage is worth about 20 percent less than it was when Ronald Reagan" gave his first address to a joint session of Congress.  
verifiable:Barack Obama says the minimum wage was higher during Ronald Reagan's first State of the Union
verifiable:"Last month, more Americans stopped looking for a job than found one."  
verifiable:Rep. McMorris Rodgers says more people stopped looking for a job than found one
verifiable:"Over the past eight years, the United States has reduced our total carbon pollution more than any other nation on Earth."  
verifiable:Barack Obama, in State of the Union, says U.S. has cut carbon pollution more than any other country
verifiable:There is "more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world – the first time that’s happened in nearly 20 years."  
verifiable:In State of the Union, Obama says U.S. produces more oil than it buys
verifiable:During the past four years, "average wages have barely budged."  
verifiable:In State of the Union, Obama says average wages have 'barely budged' over past 4 years
verifiable:"Over half of the young people" in medical, dental and law schools are women.  
verifiable:Rand Paul says more than half of students at medical, dental and law schools are females
verifiable:Under President Barack Obama, "We’ve got the lowest labor force participation in over three decades, since 1978."  
verifiable:Labor force participation is at lowest point since 1978, says Texas Sen. Ted Cruz
verifiable:"The minimum wage is mostly an entry-level wage for young people."  
verifiable:Mitch McConnell says the minimum wage is for young people in entry-level jobs
verifiable:In the past three years, state legislatures have "enacted more of these restrictions (on abortion) than in the previous 10 years combined."  
verifiable:More state abortion restrictions were enacted in last 3 years than previous decade, Sen. Patty Murray says
verifiable:Marijuana today is "genetically modified," with THC levels that "far surpass the marijuana" of the 1970s.  
verifiable:Has the potency of pot changed since President Obama was in high school?
verifiable:"Forty years ago, hardly anybody in the country had health insurance."  
verifiable:Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert says 40 years ago, 'hardly anybody' in the U.S. had health insurance
verifiable:"Thanks in part to our all-of-the-above strategy for American energy," the United States generates "more natural gas than anybody."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. generates 'more natural gas than anybody'
verifiable:"In some of the states in the U.S., homosexuality remains a felony."  
verifiable:Putin: In some places in the United States 'homosexuality remains a felony'
verifiable:In Russia "all people are absolutely equal regardless of their religion, sex, ethnicity, or sexual orientation," while "70 countries of the world have criminal liability for homosexuality."  
verifiable:Putin: All people in Russia are 'equal,' in 70 other countries it's a crime to be gay 
verifiable:"In 1916, the U.S. government predicted that by the 1940s all paper would come from hemp and that no more trees would need to be cut down."  
verifiable:Viral Internet meme says U.S. government predicted in 1916 that hemp would soon be dominant for making paper
verifiable:"For the first time in nearly two decades, we produce more oil here in the United States than we buy from the rest of the world."  
verifiable:Obama says U.S. produces more oil than it imports for first time in nearly 20 years
verifiable:On foreign policy, Joe Biden was against aid for Vietnam, said the fall of the Shah was "a step forward" for human rights in Iran, opposed Reagan's defense build-up and voted against the first Gulf War.  
verifiable:Checking Robert Gates' criticism of Vice President Joe Biden's foreign policy record
verifiable:"Only 3 percent of voters 18 to 34 don't believe that climate change is really happening."  
verifiable:Just 3% of younger voters don't believe climate change is happening, Sen. Chris Murphy says
verifiable:"If you have a job in this country, (there's a) 97 percent chance that you're not going to be in poverty."  
verifiable:Rep. Steve Southerland, R-Fla., says 97 percent of those with jobs escape poverty
verifiable:A judge's order means there's a "Constitution exemption zone" if you live "within 100 miles of the United States border."  
verifiable:Facebook post says 'Constitution exemption zones' extend 100 miles from U.S. borders
verifiable:"Unemployment insurance kept more than 620,000 children out of poverty in 2012."  
verifiable:Barack Obama Facebook post says unemployment benefits saved 620,000 kids from poverty
verifiable:"Under Obamacare, when you turn Medicaid over to the states ... the money will be available up front for the expansion for a few years. Then, the money will go away."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says Medicaid expansion money 'will go away'
verifiable:Marriage "decreases the probability of child poverty by 82 percent."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says marriage 'decreases the probability of child poverty by 82 percent'
verifiable:"There are many studies that indicate" that the longer people get unemployment insurance, "it provides some disincentive to work."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says the longer people get unemployment insurance, it provides 'some disincentive' to work
verifiable:"Our economy still has three people looking for every job (opening)."  
verifiable:There are 3 unemployed people for every job opening, Obama adviser says
verifiable:It’s warmer on Mars than it is in parts of the United States and Canada during the polar vortex.  
verifiable:It's colder in the U.S. than on Mars, Twitterverse says
verifiable:The Obama administration offered "no magic number" of people that needed to sign up for health care on the marketplaces.  
verifiable:Obama adviser Gene Sperling says administration offered 'no magic number' for health marketplace sign-ups
verifiable:"Obamacare Medical Codes Confirm: Execution by Beheading To Be Implemented in America."  
verifiable:Bloggers say Obamacare coding system could usher in beheadings
verifiable:The Murray-Ryan deal "is the first divided-government budget agreement since 1986."  
verifiable:Rep. Paul Ryan said bipartisan budget deal is the first in divided government since 1986
verifiable:"The latest Quinnipiac poll found that nearly six-in-ten Americans oppose ObamaCare -- 30% support the law and 57% oppose it."  
verifiable:RNC offered wrong poll figure for Obama support
verifiable:Says Marco Rubio endorsed Obamacare for his own family.  
verifiable:Marco Rubio endorsed Obamacare for his family, Charlie Crist says
verifiable:"By using a little-known loophole ... Obama minions are allowing Nestle Company to export precious fresh water out of Lake Michigan."  
verifiable:Viral blog posts say Obama 'minions' are allowing corporations to sell off Great Lakes water
verifiable:The Employment Non-Discrimination Act "discriminates against Christian daycare, Christian parents, Christian business owners, and the rights of religious freedom."  
verifiable:Religious activist group says ENDA would discriminate against Christians
verifiable:School children can earn higher grades by studying Islam under a new "nationwide Muslim outreach program" announced by President Barack Obama.  
verifiable:Viral post claims Barack Obama has begun a 'nationwide Muslim outreach program' for schoolkids
verifiable:"Obamacare could force thousands of volunteer fire stations to cut service or close entirely!"  
verifiable:Will the Affordable Care Act close down volunteer fire departments?
verifiable:"60 percent of people on food assistance are working."  
verifiable:Barbara Lee says 60 percent of people on food assistance are working
verifiable:"FACT: Repealing Obamacare would be easier than repealing Prohibition."  
verifiable:Heritage Foundation tweet says repealing Obamacare would be easier than repealing Prohibition
verifiable:"About 2 percent of Americans get paid the minimum wage."  
verifiable:Rob Portman says 'about 2 percent of Americans get paid the minimum wage'
verifiable:"By the time she turns 3 years old, a child born into a low-income home hears 30 million fewer words than a child from a well-off family."  
verifiable:Obama says children from low-income families hear 30 million fewer words than peers by age 3
verifiable:Says Vladimir Putin said, "President Obama and his fellow Democrats are either idiots or deliberately trying to destroy their own economy."  
verifiable:Facebook meme says Vladimir Putin accused Barack Obama of being an idiot
verifiable:The minimum wage "in real terms right now is below where it was when Harry Truman was in office."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says minimum wage is lower now than under Harry Truman
verifiable:"44% of homeless people are employed."  
verifiable:Facebook post says 44 percent of homeless people are employed
verifiable:"We, the bishops of the United States -- can you believe it -- in 1919 came out for more affordable, more comprehensive, more universal health care."  
verifiable:U.S. bishops have supported universal health care since 1919, Cardinal Dolan says
verifiable:"The administration was kicking and screaming all the way with these sanctions being put in place (on Iran)."  
verifiable:Corker said Congress dragged Obama "kicking and screaming" to put sanctions on Iran
verifiable:If the Trans-Pacific Partnership "is fast-tracked through the Senate, it won't receive a committee assignment" and the consideration will include "no debate."  
verifiable:Chain email says major Pacific trade deal could be taken up in Senate without committee review or debate
verifiable:"Just days ago, Iran's Supreme Leader (Ali) Khamenei, who will oversee implementation of this agreement, was calling Israel a 'rabid dog' and accusing the United States of war crimes."  
verifiable:Iranian official called Israel 'rabid dog,' accused U.S. of war crimes, says Rubio
verifiable:"Republicans have proposed dozens of (health care) solutions designed to help control costs and improve quality."  
verifiable:Republicans have proposed many solutions to control health care costs and improve quality, Ron Johnson says
verifiable:President Barack Obama has the "power to stop deportation for all undocumented immigrants in this country."  
verifiable:Obama's immigration heckler wrong on presidential powers, experts say
verifiable:On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees  
verifiable:Barack Obama among flip-floppers on Senate's 'nuclear option'
verifiable:On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees  
verifiable:Mitch McConnell among flip-floppers on Senate's 'nuclear option'
verifiable:On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees  
verifiable:Harry Reid among flip-floppers on Senate's 'nuclear option'
verifiable:"In the history of the United States, 168 presidential nominees have been filibustered, 82 blocked under President Obama, 86 blocked under all the other presidents."  
verifiable:Harry Reid says 82 presidential nominees have been blocked under President Barack Obama, 86 blocked under all other presidents
verifiable:"If you survey, most (North Carolina) Democrats also agree with our (election) laws and voter ID."  
verifiable:N.C. Gov. Pat McCrory says most Democrats in his state "agree" with voter ID, election law
verifiable:"500,000 people have signed up for #Obamacare."  
verifiable:Wasserman Schultz tweets 500K signed up for Obamacare
verifiable:Says Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell has "blocked the Senate over 400 times."  
verifiable:Alison Lundergan Grimes says Mitch McConnell 'blocked the Senate over 400 times'
verifiable:Says Tom Cotton "voted to turn Medicare into a voucher system."  
verifiable:Rep. Tom Cotton voted to make Medicare voucher system, says Sen. Mark Pryor
verifiable:Says Mark Pryor "cut Medicare to pay for Obamacare."  
verifiable:Sen. Mark Pryor 'cut Medicare to pay for Obamacare,' says Rep. Tom Cotton
verifiable:The United States "has never been richer, if you look at per capita GDP."  
verifiable:Schakowsky said based on GDP per capita, the United States 'has never been richer'
verifiable:Says the number of Democrats who voted for the GOP measure allowing health plan renewals is close to the number who voted on GOP bills to delay mandates on employers and individuals.  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says about same number of Democrats have been supporting GOP changes to health law
verifiable:"The (health care) law does not demand that all of these cancellations go out."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi: Health care law doesn't demand insurance companies cancel policies
verifiable:"Under President (George W.) Bush, prosecution of gun crimes was 30 percent higher than it is under President Obama."  
verifiable:Sen. Ted Cruz says gun prosecutions down under Obama administration
verifiable:"On (the federal minimum wage of) $7.75, you can’t even make half the poverty level."  
verifiable:Rep. Jim McDermott says a minimum wage job doesn't get you half way to poverty line
verifiable:"Given how expansive our program already was," expanding Medicaid in New Jersey due to Obamacare "was a relatively small expansion."  
verifiable:New Jersey Medicaid expansion was small, given already large program, Christie says
verifiable:"In the last four years, our economy has grown on average 0.9 percent a year."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says U.S. has averaged 0.9 percent growth over past four years
verifiable:"Things went wrong with the Medicare prescription D plan that George Bush rolled out."  
verifiable:Did Medicare Part D have the same rollout problems as the Obamacare online marketplaces?
verifiable:Says the Obama administration is handing out a pamphlet titled, "What To Do When The Veteran In Your Classroom Attempts A Mass Shooting"  
verifiable:Website claims Obama administration hands out pamphlet to help counter veterans shooting up classrooms
verifiable:Says Kay Hagan "supports waivers for friends of Obama and special treatment for Congress and their staffs."  
verifiable:Americans For Prosperity says Sen. Kay Hagan supports Obamacare waivers, special treatment for Congress
verifiable:Says "new mandates are already reducing full-time employment."  
verifiable:Conservative group says Mary Landrieu backs Obamacare even as it decreases full-time employment
verifiable:"What we said was, you can keep (your plan) if it hasn’t changed since the law passed."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says that what he'd said was you could keep your plan 'if it hasn’t changed since the law passed'
verifiable:In 1929, the Secretary of State shut down a program that was "collecting information to protect America" because it was "unseemly," but that move led to "millions and millions" of deaths in World War II.  
verifiable:Rep. Mike Rogers says U.S. shuttering of intelligence operation in 1929 led to World War II
verifiable:Due to Obamacare, Arkansas "has covered almost 14 percent of its uninsured already."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says Arkansas 'has covered almost 14 percent of its uninsured already' due to Obamacare
verifiable:"Health insurance is more expensive in Massachusetts than anywhere else in the country."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says 'health insurance is more expensive in Massachusetts than anywhere else in the country'
verifiable:"If I have affordable coverage in my workplace, I'm not eligible to go into the marketplace. ... It’s illegal."  
verifiable:HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius says 'it's illegal' for her to use the health insurance exchange
verifiable:"FACT: Nothing in #Obamacare forces people out of their health plans."  
verifiable:Valerie Jarrett says 'nothing in Obamacare forces people out of their health plans.'
verifiable:Says Mike Enzi is "getting about 84 percent of his campaign funds from Washington-based PACs. That's more than any senator of either party."  
verifiable:Dick Cheney says daughter's opponent Mike Enzi gets larger percentage of PAC money than any other senator
verifiable:"The number of Americans who receive means-tested government benefits -- welfare -- now outnumbers those who are year-round full-time workers."  
verifiable:Charlie Sykes says today there are more people on welfare than are working full time
verifiable:"The vast majority of people in this country are keeping their (health insurance) plan."  
verifiable:David Axelrod says 'vast majority' of Americans will keep their health insurance
verifiable:"Hidden" in the healthcare.gov code is language that means users "waive any reasonable right to privacy of your personal information."  
verifiable:Healthcare.gov users 'waive any reasonable right to privacy,' Rep. Barton says
verifiable:In Massachusetts, "half of the primary care doctors are not accepting new patients."  
verifiable:GOP Rep. John Fleming says in Massachusetts, half of primary-care doctors aren't seeing new patients
verifiable:Nearly 6 in 10 uninsured Americans "can get health insurance for what may be the equivalent of your cell phone bill."  
verifiable:Obama says some can buy health insurance for cost of monthly cell phone bill
verifiable:Emergency rooms account for "2 percent of all health care spending."  
verifiable:Does emergency care account for just 2 percent of all health spending?
verifiable:"The IRS has been specifically forbidden ...  from ever actually pursuing either civil or criminal remedies" for people who don’t purchase health insurance.  
verifiable:Lawrence O'Donnell says the IRS cannot pursue 'either civil or criminal remedies' for people who don’t purchase health insurance
verifiable:Congress, criminals, Scientologists and other groups are exempt from Obamacare.  
verifiable:Congress, criminals, Scientologists and other groups are exempt from Obamacare, claims Facebook post
verifiable:"In 45 out of 50 states, on average men are seeing their premiums double, going up 99 percent. Women up 62 percent."  
verifiable:Sean Hannity says health insurance premiums up 99 percent for men, 62 percent for women
verifiable:"About 47 percent of able-bodied people in the state of Maine don’t work."  
verifiable:Maine Gov. Paul LePage says 47 percent of able-bodied Maine residents aren't working
verifiable:"Woodrow Wilson borrowed $30 billion to fund World War I in 1917. That money has not been paid back. And we are still paying interest on it."  
verifiable:Fox News' Andrew Napolitiano says U.S. is still paying interest on World War I costs
verifiable:"I never was in favor of shutting down the government. … (I) voted to fund the government fully."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says he never favored a government shutdown and voted to fully fund the government
verifiable:"No one beta-tested" healthcare.gov.  
verifiable:Huffington Post's Sam Stein says 'no one beta-tested' health insurance marketplace website
verifiable:Says under President Barack Obama, the debt increased by 23 percent, which was less than under any president going back to Ronald Reagan.  
verifiable:Celebrated chef Tom Colicchio tweets that relatively little debt accumulated under Barack Obama
verifiable:"As a result of Obamacare, we are becoming something of a part-time employment country."  
verifiable:Bartiromo says Obamacare is turning us into 'a part-time employment country'
verifiable:"Half of all CEOs say that the shutdown and the threat of shutdown set back their plans to hire over the next six months."  
verifiable:Half of all CEOs said the shutdown set back hiring plans over next 6 months, says Obama
verifiable:"We went from $160 billion deficit spending in (President George W.) Bush's last year to $1.6 trillion the following year."  
verifiable:Louie Gohmert says deficit ballooned from $160 billion to $1.6 trillion in just one year
verifiable:The "president has given 1,100 special waivers to his friends" for Obamacare.  
verifiable:Rep. Mulvaney says Obama gave 1,100 special waivers to Obamacare to his friends
verifiable:"Virtually every person across this country has seen premiums going up and up and up" due to Obamacare.  
verifiable:Sen. Ted Cruz says premiums have gone 'up and up and up' for 'virtually every person' 
verifiable:Chris Christie "cut equal pay for women, calling it 'senseless bureaucracy.' "  
verifiable:DNC chair says Chris Christie cut equal pay for women, called it ‘senseless bureaucracy’
verifiable:Congressional lawmakers earn their salaries "FOR LIFE," which for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi would add up to "$803,700 Dollars a year for LIFE including FREE medical."  
verifiable:Chain email says Nancy Pelosi will earn “$803,700 Dollars a year for LIFE including FREE medical”
verifiable:"No doctors who went to an American medical school will be accepting Obamacare."  
verifiable:Ann Coulter says no doctors who went to an American medical school will be accepting Obamacare
verifiable:Says U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz "voted to cut off Florida’s veterans and their benefits."  
verifiable:RNC says Wasserman Schultz voted to cut off veterans benefits
verifiable:"Eighty percent of the antibiotics in this country are fed to livestock."  
verifiable:Rep. Louise Slaughter says 80% of antibiotics are fed to livestock
verifiable:Says U.S. Rep. Steve Daines, R-Mont., "opposes a vote on his own legislation that he proposed just a few months ago."  
verifiable:Democrats say U.S. Rep. Steve Daines won't back his own bill to end shutdown
verifiable:Democrats already agreed to "a deal that Republicans wanted, that Eric Cantor said would be a win."  
verifiable:Bill Burton says Rep. Eric Cantor called deal with Democrats a win
verifiable:Says Sen. Mark Pryor voted for "special subsidies" for lawmakers and staff in Congress "so they’re protected from Obamacare."  
verifiable:Tom Cotton says Mark Pryor voted to give Congress a special subsidy for health care
verifiable:The health care marketplaces have "no privacy protections."  
verifiable:The health care marketplaces have 'no privacy protections,' Cotton says
verifiable:"For the first time since the Korean War, total federal spending has gone down for two years in a row."  
verifiable:Rep. Dennis Ross says U.S. spending has fallen two straight years for first time since Korean War
verifiable:Because of the 2011 debt ceiling fight, "the stock market lost 2,000 points."  
verifiable:Charles Schumer says Dow Jones lost 2,000 points after last debt ceiling fight
verifiable:The Obama administration shut down the Amber Alert program because of the government shutdown.  
verifiable:Tweets and bloggers say Obama used government shutdown to close Amber Alert system
verifiable:"This year, the federal government will have more revenue than any year in the history of our country."  
verifiable:John Boehner says U.S. will have record revenues this year
verifiable:Says a man opted out of Obamacare after the marketplace launched on Oct. 1, 2013, and was informed he owed a $4,000 fine.  
verifiable:A closer look at a Facebook post on a man's struggle with the Obamacare marketplace
verifiable:"Eighty-five percent of government's running right now. Only 15 percent of government spending is shut down."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says '85 percent of government's running right now'
verifiable:"At the time that (Medicare Part D) was passed (it) was actually less popular than the Affordable Care Act, according to the polls."  
verifiable:Obama says Medicare Part D was less popular than Obamacare when it first passed
verifiable:Shutdowns are "a normal part of the constitutional process," with 12 shutdowns under Democratic House Speaker Tip O’Neill and two during his own speakership.  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says shutdowns are 'normal' process, with 12 under Tip O’Neill and two under Gingrich
verifiable:"Obama Declares November National Muslim Appreciation Month."  
verifiable:‘Obama Declares November National Muslim Appreciation Month,’ bloggers claim
verifiable:"(Texas Republicans) believe in abolishing Social Security, abolishing V.A. health care."  
verifiable:Sen. Bernie Sanders says Texas Republicans want to abolish Social Security, V.A. health care 
verifiable:In a "sweetheart deal … members of Congress, thanks to the Obama administration, are going to be the only people in America to get subsidies in the Obamacare exchanges."  
verifiable:GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling assails "sweetheart" deal for lawmakers, staff under Obamacare
verifiable:"In states where the federal government helps run these (health care) marketplaces, the average American will have more than 50 different plans to choose from, with different levels of coverage."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says new health law offers average American more than 50 plans
verifiable:"A strong bipartisan majority" in the House of Representatives "voted to defund Obamacare."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says 'a strong bipartisan majority' in the House of Representatives 'voted to defund Obamacare'
verifiable:"The United States Senate — Democrats and Republicans — (voted) to keep our government open."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says "Democrats and Republicans" in the Senate "acted responsibly by voting to keep our government open”
verifiable:With Obamacare, "we're fixing to get hit with the biggest entitlement program the American taxpayers have ever seen."  
verifiable:Saxby Chambliss says Obamacare is biggest entitlement U.S. taxpayers have ever seen
verifiable:Under economic sanctions, "now Iran is suffering 30 percent inflation, 20 percent unemployment."  
verifiable:Robert Reich says under sanctions, 'Iran is suffering 30% inflation, 20% unemployment'
verifiable:"Up to half of all Americans have a pre-existing condition."  
verifiable:Obama says half of Americans have a pre-existing condition
verifiable:"One out of four corporations doesn't pay a nickel in (federal income) taxes."  
verifiable:Sanders: One out of four corporations pay no taxes
verifiable:UPS left 15,000 employees’ spouses "without health insurance" and told them to, "go on an exchange with no employer subsidy."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says policy change by UPS left employees’ spouses “without health insurance”
verifiable:"(Obamacare) is a bill which has never once had a majority of Americans favor it."  
verifiable:Obamacare "has never been favored by a majority of Americans," Gingrich says
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama "has amended, delayed, or repealed 19 components of his very own (health care) law."  
verifiable:Tom Graves says Obama has changed the Affordable Care Act 19 times
verifiable:If the government shuts down, "all military personnel will continue to serve and accrue pay but will not actually be paid until appropriations are available."  
verifiable:Bill Young says military pay would be delayed during government shutdown
verifiable:"The president’s own advisers have said there’s a war on coal."  
verifiable:McConnell links Obama to war on coal
verifiable:"Every engine manufacturer in the United States is now in the state of Texas."  
verifiable:Rick Perry says every engine maker is in Texas
verifiable:Since 2007, "Texas has gained 440,000 people" while "Maryland has lost 20,000."  
verifiable:Martin O'Malley, Newt Gingrich face off over population statistics on "Crossfire" 
verifiable:"Obamacare will question your sex life."  
verifiable:Betsy McCaughey says on next doctor visit, ‘Obamacare will question your sex life’ 
verifiable:"There are more guns than there are people in the United States."  
verifiable:Eleanor Holmes Norton says "more guns than people" in U.S., in Navy Yard reaction
verifiable:The employer mandate "affects only 5 percent of businesses in this country."  
verifiable:Van Hollen says employer mandate affects 5% of businesses
verifiable:"The CDC issued a report commissioned by President Obama just earlier this year, and it found some very inconvenient facts. Armed citizens are less likely harmed by attackers. Effectiveness of gun control laws is mixed. Gun buybacks don't work."  
verifiable:Crossfire’s S.E. Cupp cites CDC on armed citizen safety, gun control laws and buybacks
verifiable:Warren Buffett recently said "Scrap Obamacare and Start All Over."  
verifiable:Bloggers say Warren Buffett recently turned against Obamacare
verifiable:According to the most recent jobs report, "we've got more Americans leaving the workforce than we have finding jobs."  
verifiable:John Boehner says more Americans are leaving the workforce than are finding jobs
verifiable:The United States "stood alone in the war in Iraq."  
verifiable:Defending Obama on Syria, Wasserman Schultz says Bush invaded Iraq "alone"
verifiable:Says he "opposed the president’s decision to go into Iraq" in 2003.  
verifiable:Secretary of State John Kerry says as a senator he ‘opposed the president’s decision to go into Iraq’
verifiable:President Barack Obama "had the legal authority" to strike Syria without a vote from Congress.  
verifiable:Joe Lieberman says Obama "had the legal authority" to strike Syria without congressional approval
verifiable:The United Nations has conducted "172 successful peacekeeping missions and negotiations."  
verifiable:Van Jones says U.N. has conducted “172 successful peacekeeping missions and negotiations”
verifiable:In the event of a U.S. strike on Syria, "the Russians will replace the weapons immediately. They’ve said it on the record. They’ve suggested they might even replace it with better stuff."  
verifiable:Alan Grayson said Russia said on the record that it would replace weapons U.S. destroys in airstrikes
verifiable:"We've seen priests beheaded by the Islamic rebels on the other side. We've also seen an Islamic rebel eating the heart of a soldier."  
verifiable:Rand Paul: Syrian rebels behead priests and eat hearts
verifiable:"Before President Obama acted in Libya in 2011, the American people were opposed to military action by 35 to 60. After he took action, they were in support of it 54 to 43."  
verifiable:Rove says public tends to rally behind military action
verifiable:Chemical weapons have been used "probably 20 times" since the Persian Gulf War.  
verifiable:Rep. Ted Yoho says chemical weapons have been used ‘probably 20 times’ since 1990
verifiable:"CBO reports that delaying the Obamacare individual mandate will reduce the deficit by $35 billion over ten years."  
verifiable:Grover Norquist says delaying Obamacare by a year would save $35 billion over 10 years
verifiable:An account of attacks in Benghazi written by former White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers shows that the body of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens was "dragged through the streets" and abused.  
verifiable:Chain email claims Dee Dee Myers says Amb. Chris Stevens and her relative were killed by mob abuse in Benghazi attack
verifiable:According to a recent poll, "there are more young Republicans enrolled in their parents' (health insurance) plans than young Democrats."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton says more Republicans than Democrats have signed up to stay on their parents' plans under Obamacare
verifiable:Says there's a "100-year-old international norm not to use chemical weapons."  
verifiable:Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz says there’s a ‘100-year-old international norm’ against use of chemical weapons
verifiable:"The average family premium has increased by 29% under Obama!"  
verifiable:Republican National Committee says health insurance premiums have risen 29 percent under Barack Obama
verifiable:"The House did vote against engagement in Kosovo, and Bill Clinton kept fighting anyway. And, then, ultimately, a vote did pass."  
verifiable:Rep. Peter King says Bill Clinton continued Kosovo air campaign after rebuke by House
verifiable:Under the Endangered Species Act, "only 1 percent of the species that have been listed have actually been delisted."  
verifiable:Only 1 percent of endangered species list have been taken off list, says Cynthia Lummis
verifiable:Fleeing Syria, "a million children are now refugees."  
verifiable:McCain says a million children are refugees from Syrian civil war
verifiable:"We are about halfway" to the president’s goal to cut greenhouse gas emissions and "about half of that is because of the substitution of natural gas for coal in the power sector."  
verifiable:Energy Secretary Moniz says U.S. is halfway to greenhouse gas reduction goal; natural gas is key
verifiable:South Carolina has "the fastest-growing economy in the Southeast."  
verifiable:Nikki Haley says South Carolina has had fastest growth in the Southeast
verifiable:In the Wisconsin health insurance exchange, "the Society of Actuaries points out that there'll be, according to them, an 82 percent increase in individual premiums over the next couple years under Obamacare."  
verifiable:Walker: Study says health law will raise premiums in Wisconsin exchanges 82 percent
verifiable:"America’s gun-related homicide rate … would be about the same as Belgium’s if you left out California, Illinois, D.C. and New Jersey, places with some of the strictest gun control laws in the U.S."  
verifiable:Mike Huckabee says if you cut out just four states, U.S. gun-homicide rate drops to Belgium's level
verifiable:The 2010 DREAM Act failed despite "strong bipartisan support."  
verifiable:The 2010 DREAM Act had 'strong bipartisan support,' said Janet Napolitano
verifiable:The book Little Red Riding Hood is something "that’s been banned in America," but not assault weapons.  
verifiable:Moms Demand Action says 'Little Red Riding Hood' has been banned, but assault weapons haven't
verifiable:"Three years after getting the $100 million (from Mark Zuckerberg), less than two-thirds of students in Cory Booker's Newark graduate."  
verifiable:Super PAC criticizes Booker for low Newark graduation rate
verifiable:"New York is the safest big city in the nation, and our crime reductions have been steeper than any other big city’s."  
verifiable:Michael Bloomberg says New York is safest big city in United States
verifiable:"There are only four countries in the world that ... legalize abortion after five months -- China, North Korea, Canada and the U.S."  
verifiable:Only four countries 'legalize abortion after 5 months,' Carly Fiorina says
verifiable:Obamacare provision will allow "forced home inspections" by government agents.  
verifiable:Bloggers say Obamacare provision will allow 'forced home inspections'
verifiable:Says unions call Obamacare "bad for workers."  
verifiable:Mike Lee says unions call Obamacare bad for workers
verifiable:"We now sell more products made in America to the rest of the world than ever before."  
verifiable:Obama says exports of U.S. goods at all-time high
verifiable:Sen. Marco Rubio "refuses to accept the basic science" on climate change and is "a climate change denier."  
verifiable:Group backing Barack Obama says Marco Rubio is a "climate change denier"
verifiable:Many uninsured Americans are "young."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says young people are a major part of the uninsured population
verifiable:"Why didn't (uninsured Americans) buy insurance? Because of the expense."  
verifiable:Rand Paul, on 'Daily Show,' says cost is biggest barrier for the uninsured
verifiable:Of the roughly 15 percent of Americans who don’t have health insurance, "half of them made more than $50,000 a year."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says half of uninsured Americans make at least $50,000 a year
verifiable:Says "President Obama just granted all of Congress an exception" to Obamacare.  
verifiable:Sen. Ted Cruz says Obama 'just granted all of Congress an exception' to Obamacare
verifiable:Says Mitch McConnell pushed "the Wall Street bailout through the U.S. Senate" and called it "the Senate at its finest."  
verifiable:Matt Bevin says Mitch McConnell pushed bank bailout through Senate
verifiable:Says Matt Bevin has repeatedly failed to pay his taxes.  
verifiable:Mitch McConnell tags Kentucky primary opponent as tax delinquent
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama "has taken 92 days of vacation since he was sworn in," compared to 367 for President George W. Bush at the same point in his presidency.  
verifiable:Al Sharpton defends Obama family vacation, saying George W. Bush spent more time away
verifiable:A United Nations working group has "adopted a proposed agenda" to enable member nations to "disarm civilians within their borders."  
verifiable:United Nations document shared on social media says civilian gun confiscation is in the works for United States
verifiable:Says Florida refused to allow the insurance commissioner to "negotiate lower rates with companies or refuse rates that are too high" under Obamacare.  
verifiable:Democrats say Florida stripped insurance commissioner of power to set health plan rates
verifiable:"Obamacare … carries on even under a government shutdown."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan says government shutdown wouldn't sideline Obamacare
verifiable:"Half of all adults have a pre-existing condition" that could affect their health care coverage.  
verifiable:Schakowsky says half of all adults have pre-existing medical condition
verifiable:"Since the Affordable Care Act passed, 90 percent of job growth has been in full-time positions."  
verifiable:Alan Krueger, top economist to Obama, says most new jobs since health care law passed are full time
verifiable:"This year, the overwhelming majority of new jobs are part time."  
verifiable:Susan Collins says this year, 'overwhelming majority' of new jobs are part time
verifiable:The federal deficit is "growing."  
verifiable:Eric Cantor says the federal deficit is 'growing'
verifiable:Says about NSA data collection: "Every member in both parties who served on the Intelligence Committee voted in favor of this."  
verifiable:Rep. Tom Cole says his NSA vote backed by entire Intelligence Committee
verifiable:"This year, we're off to our best private-sector jobs growth since 1999."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says this year has been the best start for private-sector job creation since 1999
verifiable:"Even the employees’ union for the IRS -- the very people in charge of enforcing this law -- are begging to be let out from under this law."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says union for IRS workers is 'begging' to be let out of Obamacare
verifiable:The sequester has "already lost 1.6 million jobs."  
verifiable:Reid says sequester has already cost 1.6 million jobs
verifiable:The minimum wage is "lower right now than it was when Ronald Reagan took office."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says minimum wage pays less now than when Ronald Reagan was sworn in
verifiable:The "most realistic estimates" for jobs created by Keystone XL are "maybe 2,000 jobs during the construction of the pipeline."  
verifiable:Obama says Keystone XL would mean "maybe 2,000 jobs"
verifiable:Ninety million Americans either aren’t working or aren’t looking for work.  
verifiable:Are 90 million Americans not working or not looking for work?
verifiable:"I was banned from talking about" Bill Ayers during the 2008 presidential campaign.  
verifiable:Sarah Palin says GOP banned mention of Ayers in '08
verifiable:"More than 72 percent of children in the African-American community are born out of wedlock."  
verifiable:CNN's Don Lemon says more than 72 percent of African-American births are out of wedlock
verifiable:Under Obamacare, "75 percent of small businesses now say they are going to be forced to either fire workers or cut their hours."  
verifiable:Sen. Marco Rubio says 75% of small businesses say they’ll fire workers or cut hours under Obamacare
verifiable:President Barack Obama has "announced that he would not sign ANY spending bills this year unless sequestration spending cuts are eliminated."  
verifiable:John Boehner says Barack Obama has promised veto unless sequestration cuts are eliminated
verifiable:"U.S. Department of Homeland Security has told banks -- in writing -- it may inspect safe deposit boxes without warrant and seize any gold, silver, guns or other valuables it finds inside those boxes!"  
verifiable:Chain email says Homeland Security can seize safe deposit boxes without notice
verifiable:"Our businesses have created nearly twice as many jobs in this recovery as they had at the same point in the last recovery, when there was no Obamacare."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says businesses have created nearly twice as many jobs in current recovery as in previous recovery
verifiable:Says "our deficits are falling at the fastest rate in 60 years."  
verifiable:Obama says deficit is falling at the fastest rate in 60 years
verifiable:"The income of the top 1 percent nearly quadrupled from 1979 to 2007, but the typical family’s incomes barely budged."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says top 1 percent saw incomes quadruple, while typical family saw theirs barely budge
verifiable:"Gangs have increased by 40 percent since this president was elected."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says gangs have increased by 40 percent since Barack Obama was elected
verifiable:   Says last year "13 million (health insurance) rebates went out, in all 50 states. Another 8.5 (million) rebates are being sent out this summer, averaging around 100 bucks each."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says millions benefit from insurance company rebates
verifiable:   "The president … by executive order" could grant voting rights to illegal immigrants who are newly legalized under pending legislation.  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says Barack Obama can use executive order to give voting rights to illegal immigrants legalized under Senate bill
verifiable:   "The president has had 1,540 of his nominations confirmed, only four defeated."  
verifiable:Obama has had 1,540 nominations confirmed and only 4 defeated, says McConnell
verifiable:   Food stamp spending "doubled under President Bush, doubled again under President Obama."      
verifiable:Rep. Tom Cole says food stamp spending doubled under Bush, doubled again under Obama
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama is getting his nominees confirmed "faster than President (George W.) Bush was at the same time in his second term."  
verifiable:Barack Obama is getting his nominees confirmed faster than President George W. Bush was at the same time in his second term, says Mitch McConnell
verifiable:   "This is the same (farm) bill we voted on a few weeks ago, with the exception of one or two sentences."      
verifiable:House Speaker John Boehner says rushed farm bill was nearly the same as old one
verifiable:   Says health insurance premiums will rise under Obamacare.  
verifiable:AFP ad says premiums will rise under Obamacare
verifiable:   Says Obama administration delay of health care law's employer mandate affects about 1 percent of the American workforce.  
verifiable:Sen. Robert Menendez says Obamacare’s employer mandate affects 1% of U.S. workforce
verifiable:   "There was a Gallup poll in Egypt last year, and 70 percent of Egyptians don't want our money."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says Gallup poll found 70 percent of Egyptians opposed to U.S. aid
verifiable:"More Americans receive food aid than work in (the) private sector."  
verifiable:Allen West says more Americans receive food aid than work in the private sector
verifiable:Says "Canada has one-tenth of our population—yet it issues far more high-skilled visas (more than 150,000) yearly than we do (65,000)."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush says Canada issues more than 150,000 high-skilled visas, compared to 65,000 by the U.S.
verifiable:   The Senate immigration bill "unleashes a massive increase in overall immigration. … We're talking about a population increase under the Senate bill of over 70 million people in 20 years."  
verifiable:Dan Stein says Senate immigration bill would add 70 million Americans over 20 years
verifiable:Says under the Senate immigration bill, newly legalized immigrants will "pay every tax possible, but you don’t get a single benefit" for 10 years.  
verifiable:Senate bill says to undocumented immigrants: pay taxes but claim no public benefits
verifiable:   "In New Hampshire, 93 percent of Democrats, 79 percent of Republicans, 82 percent of gun owners and 60 percent of NRA households support background checks."  
verifiable:Gabrielle Giffords says N.H. Republicans, gun owners support background checks
verifiable:   In South Florida, "we've had nine inches of sea-level rise since the 1920s."  
verifiable:Debbie Wasserman Schultz says in South Florida, "we've had nine inches of sea-level rise since the 1920s"
verifiable:   "Nearly 70 percent of all federal spending will go towards Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid" in fiscal year 2014.  
verifiable:Rep. Todd Young says Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid make up 70 percent of federal budget
verifiable:If it is enacted, the Senate immigration bill is "going to make the Border Patrol bigger than the FBI -- you could put one agent every 250 feet."  
verifiable:Bill Maher says the immigration bill will "make the Border Patrol bigger than the FBI -- you could put one agent every 250 feet"
verifiable:   "In 1999, the NRA leadership in Washington, pretty much the same people intact, were for (expanded background checks.)"  
verifiable:Sen. Joe Manchin says 1999’s NRA supported expanded background checks
verifiable:   Says Arkansas Republican Rep. Tom Cotton voted to provide Congress with "taxpayer-funded health care for life."  
verifiable:Pro-Democratic group says Rep. Tom Cotton voted to give lawmakers, aides taxpayer-funded health care "for life"
verifiable:Recent record-low water levels in Lake Michigan are evidence that global warming is leading to "the evaporation of our Great Lakes."  
verifiable:Dick Durbin says global warming is leading to “the evaporation of our Great Lakes”
verifiable:   The Senate immigration bill "has immediate legalization ... and the border security is sometime in the future, and just like in 1986, it's designed never to come into being."  
verifiable:Senate bill has immediate legalization but border security that's 'designed never to come into being,' says Cruz
verifiable:   The immigration bill "has a specific provision that says that Secretary Napolitano does not have to build any fence if she chooses not to."      
verifiable:Sen. Jeff Sessions says immigration bill has provision that lets Janet Napolitano skip fence
verifiable:   As a student at Occidental College in Los Angeles from 1979 to 1981, "there were days where folks couldn't go outside. … because of all the pollution in the air."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says when he went to college in Los Angeles, the pollution was often so bad that 'folks couldn't go outside'
verifiable:   Says he can be on the ballot for Congress while serving time in jail.  
verifiable:Can a convicted felon run for Congress from jail?
verifiable:"There are over 2,000 crimes recorded per 100,000 population in the U.K.," compared to "466 violent crimes per 100,000" in the United States.  
verifiable:Social media post says U.K. has far higher violent crime rate than U.S. does
verifiable:   Proposed cuts in the House farm bill mean "2 million less people on food stamps, 210,000 children will not receive school lunches or breakfasts."  
verifiable:Food stamp cuts would deny aid to millions and deny school lunch aid to thousands, says Barbara Lee
verifiable:   The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court "is transparent."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court 'is transparent'
verifiable:   On immigration reform, Marco Rubio "all along has been saying, 'We have to have border security first' " and then "he gets on Spanish TV, he ends up saying, 'No, no. That will never get in the way.' "  
verifiable:Rep. Dana Rohrabacher says Sen. Marco Rubio’s claims differ in Spanish
verifiable:   "Since Newtown, more people have died at the end of a gun than we have lost in Afghanistan."  
verifiable:Biden: Since Newtown, more American gun deaths than soldiers lost in Afghanistan
verifiable:   The IRS scandal "clearly showed some criminal behavior."  
verifiable:Rep. Mike Rogers says the IRS scandal "clearly showed some criminal behavior"
verifiable:   "Immigrants are more fertile."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush says immigrants are 'more fertile'
verifiable:   "The United States has never stood by and seen innocent people slaughtered to the extent that's happening in Syria."  
verifiable:Saxby Chambliss says U.S. has "never stood by and seen innocent people slaughtered" as in Syria
verifiable:"Worldwide credit card transactions, the credit card fraud rate is 0.04 percent, compared to almost 8 percent, 9 percent, 10 percent of Medicare fraud."  
verifiable:Medicare fraud rate is 8 to 10 percent, says Roskam of Illinois
verifiable:"This president spends 30 times as much money on global warming research as he does on weather forecasting and warning."  
verifiable:Jim Bridenstine: U.S. spends 30 times as much on climate change research as on weather forecasting
verifiable:   "It's expressly prohibited by law that you can read and wholly surveil domestic email traffic in the United States."  
verifiable:Rep. Mike Rogers says 'it's expressly prohibited by law' for the government to read domestic email traffic
verifiable:   Currently, the intelligence community "can collect business records on law-abiding Americans who have no connection to terrorism."  
verifiable:Mark Udall says ordinary Americans' business records caught up in surveillance net
verifiable:"One person, Kathleen Sebelius, was going to determine whether or not" 10-year-old lung patient Sarah Murnaghan would live or die.  
verifiable:Rush Limbaugh says HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius was the "one person" to determine fate of 10-year-old lung patient Sarah Murnaghan
verifiable:   The problem of unwanted sexual contacts in the military "is not just a woman's issue. More than half of the victims are men."  
verifiable:Sex crimes in the military: Gillibrand says over half the victims are men
verifiable:   "There was no surge in 501(c)(4) applications in 2010."  
verifiable:No rise in applications triggered IRS actions says Tim Griffin
verifiable:   "My judicial nominees have waited three times longer to receive confirmation votes than those of my Republican predecessor."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says his judicial nominees have faced waits three times as long as George W. Bush's
verifiable:   "Nearly 6 out of 10 believe that money and wealth should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people in the U.S."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says six of 10 Americans say wealth should be distributed more equally
verifiable:   "During the Bush administration, liberal groups were targeted" by the IRS, similar to recent targeting.  
verifiable:IRS targeted liberal groups during Bush years, says Jim McDermott
verifiable:   Says President Barack Obama is trying to "pack" the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.  
verifiable:Is Barack Obama trying to 'pack' the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals?
verifiable:   "Republicans actually doctored emails between administration officials about Benghazi. Then, they released them to the press, trying to pass them off as real."  
verifiable:Democrats say Republicans ‘doctored emails’ about Benghazi, ‘trying to pass them off as real’
verifiable:A bill to advance the Keystone XL Pipeline "is an earmark" under House rules.  
verifiable:Alan Grayson says bill clearing way for Keystone XL pipeline is an earmark
verifiable:Says the word "Dhimmitude" is on page 107 of the health care law and means "Muslims are specifically exempted from the government mandate to purchase insurance."  
verifiable:'Dhimmitude' on page 107 of the health care law exempts Muslims, claims chain email
verifiable:   "Ronald Reagan’s signature on the 1986 amnesty act" gave Barack Obama about 15 million additional Hispanic votes in 2012.  
verifiable:Steve King says Ronald Reagan’s 1986 "amnesty act" led to 15 million votes for Barack Obama
verifiable:   Says Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told insurance companies "they couldn't inform their policyholders of what they thought the impact of Obamacare would be on them."  
verifiable:Mitch McConnell says HHS put a gag order on insurers about impact of Obamacare
verifiable:   Says the inspector general for the IRS said there was "no political motivation" and "no outside influence" for targeting of tax-exempt applications from tea party groups      
verifiable:Sander Levin says IRS’s inspector general said there was ‘no political motivation’ and ‘no outside influence’ to target tea party groups
verifiable:   Says that since he took office, "there have been no large-scale attacks on the United States."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says since he took office, “there have been no large-scale attacks on the United States”
verifiable:   A law that mandates fingerprinting for gun purchasers is "a requirement that's reduced gun crimes in the five states where it's the law."  
verifiable:Maryland group says fingerprinting gun purchasers has reduced gun crime rates in five states
verifiable:   "We have a tax code that allows groups to use their political operations within the tax code, under the guise of a charity, to use undisclosed millions of dollars to do political campaigns."  
verifiable:Tax code allows groups to spend on undisclosed donations on political campaigns, says Xavier Becerra
verifiable:   "The IRS doesn't have to prove something against you ... you've got the burden of proof."  
verifiable:Randy Forbes says taxpayers have burden of proof when facing IRS
verifiable:   Says Hillary Clinton "was asked repeatedly to provide security in Benghazi on several occasions, including direct cables."  
verifiable: Rand Paul  says Hillary Clinton was ‘asked repeatedly to provide security in Benghazi … including direct cables’
verifiable:The IRS is going to be "in charge" of "a huge national database" on health care that will include Americans’ "personal, intimate, most close-to-the-vest-secrets."  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann decries “huge national database” run by IRS with "personal, intimate" health care details
verifiable:   The IRS is "going to be in charge of our health care."  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says the IRS is "going to be in charge of our health care"
verifiable:   "The IRS will have the ability potentially" to deny or delay health care.  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says IRS "will have the ability" to delay or deny health care
verifiable:"The Affordable Care Act is bringing the cost of health care in our country down."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says Obamacare is bringing down health care costs
verifiable:   Says Kelly Ayotte voted to "fix background checks."  
verifiable:PAC ad says Kelly Ayotte voted to fix background checks on gun sales
verifiable:"We had people that were getting killed (in Benghazi), we had people who are willing to risk their lives to go save them, and somebody told them to stand down."  
verifiable:Jason Chaffetz says Americans ready to save men 'getting killed' in Benghazi were told to stand down
verifiable:   "Over the last several months, there was a review board headed by two distinguished Americans, Mike Mullen and Tom Pickering, who investigated every element of" the Benghazi incident.  
verifiable:Barack Obama says review of Benghazi attack "investigated every element"
verifiable:   When Susan Rice spoke about Benghazi on Sunday news shows, she said "that al-Qaida might be involved, or other al-Qaida affiliates might be involved, or non-al-Qaida Libyan extremists, which I think demonstrates that there was no effort to play that down."  
verifiable:Jay Carney says Susan Rice didn't play down terrorist involvement in Benghazi
verifiable:   "In 2010, everybody said you can't dare let guns go into the national parks, and of course the rapes, murders, robberies and assaults are down about 85 percent since we did that."  
verifiable:Tom Coburn says after national park gun ban lifted, violent crime fell by 85 percent
verifiable:   Among Hispanics, support for immigration reform is close to universal.  
verifiable:Bill Richardson says Hispanic support for immigration reform is almost universal
verifiable:The labor market is weak because if you count the unemployed, underemployed, and those who’ve stopped looking for work,  the unemployment rate "actually went up last month to 13.5 percent."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says rise in unemployment statistic shows weakness of labor market
verifiable:   "We are dealing with an administration that, quite frankly, has shown a reluctance to enforce the immigration law."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says Obama shows ‘reluctance’ to enforce immigration law
verifiable:   "In 29 states in this country you can still get fired for not just being gay, but if your employer thinks you are gay."  
verifiable:Martina Navratilova says you can be fired for being gay in 29 states
verifiable:   "Pentagon confirms they may court martial soldiers who hold Christian faith."  
verifiable:Bloggers say Pentagon may court-martial Christian soldiers
verifiable:   For people with insurance, the only impact of the health care law "is that their insurance is stronger, better and more secure than it was before. Full stop. That's it. They don't have to worry about anything else."  
verifiable:Obama says people with health insurance ‘don’t have to worry’ about Obamacare rollout
verifiable:   Long-term federal investment in U.S. airports is urgent because "there was a recent survey of the top airports … in the world, and there was not a single U.S. airport that came in the top 25."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. has no airports ranked in the top 25 worldwide
verifiable:   Says new Medicare billing guidelines "have nine codes for (injuries by) turkeys."  
verifiable:Rep. Ted Poe says new Medicare rules require nine billing codes for turkey injuries
verifiable:   "Over half" of science, technology, engineering and mathematics students "receiving advanced degrees are not citizens of the United States of America."  
verifiable:John McCain says half of STEM graduate degrees given to foreigners
verifiable:   "One in five" women in the military "are receiving unwanted sexual contact," as are "3.3 percent of men."  
verifiable:Kirsten Gillibrand says one in five military women, 3 percent of men, have unwanted sexual contact
verifiable:   "In barely four years in office, five jihadists have reached their targets in the United States under Barack Obama," compared to zero "in over seven years after 9/11 under George W. Bush."  
verifiable:Rep. Tom Cotton says more terrorists have 'reached their targets' under Barack Obama than under George W. Bush
verifiable:   "Why is President Obama unnecessarily delaying your flight? FAA could cut other spending."  
verifiable:Eric Cantor says FAA could cut funds to avoid furloughs
verifiable:   The Boston Marathon bombing "is the fifth case" in which U.S. government officials examined individuals potentially involved in terrorism "and felt they were no threat and they went on to carry out terrorist murders."  
verifiable:Rep. Peter King says alleged Boston bombers are fifth terrorists to survive prior U.S. scrutiny
verifiable:"No poll done this year ... shows less than a majority to reinstate a federal ban on assault weapons."  
verifiable:Sen. Dianne Feinstein says every national poll this year shows support for assault weapons ban
verifiable:   A "wide majority of NRA households ... supported this legislation" on gun background checks.  
verifiable:Barack Obama says a “wide majority of NRA households" supported gun legislation
verifiable:   Proposed immigration legislation would give new immigrants "a taxpayer-funded cellular phone."  
verifiable:Immigrants would get free cell phones under new proposal, bloggers claim
verifiable:   A bipartisan background check amendment "outlawed any (gun) registry.  Plain and simple, right there in the text."  
verifiable:Obama says bipartisan background check plan “outlawed any (gun) registry”
verifiable:The Manchin-Toomey amendment "would have criminalized certain private transfers of firearms between honest citizens, requiring lifelong friends, neighbors and some family members" to get government approval.  
verifiable:NRA says Manchin-Toomey would have criminalized some gun transfers between family, friends
verifiable:   "The NRA used to support expanded background checks."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says, 'The NRA used to support expanded background checks.'
verifiable:   Polls show that Americans "overwhelmingly" support "expanding background checks."      
verifiable:Gabby Giffords says Americans "overwhelmingly" support expanding background checks
verifiable:   "Well over 90 percent of felony cases, all over the nation, are committed by defendants who grew up in father-absent households."  
verifiable:Rep. John Duncan Jr. says 90 percent of felons grew up in fatherless households
verifiable:   The immigration proposal from the Gang of Eight "is not amnesty."  
verifiable:Sen. Marco Rubio says immigration bill is not amnesty
verifiable:   Says President Barack Obama "has allowed, each year he's been here, the prosecutions of gun cases (for background check failures) to go down. ... They've declined every year since President Bush left office."  
verifiable:GOP Sen. Jeff Sessions says gun prosecutions have declined under Barack Obama
verifiable:   Says a gun bill before the Senate would make it a federal felony to "leave town for more than seven days, and leave someone else at home with your firearms."  
verifiable:Gun-rights group says bill would criminalize leaving gun at home with someone else for more than a week
verifiable:   Says a gun bill before the Senate "is proposing the universal registration of all firearms and their owners."  
verifiable:Gun-rights group says Senate bill proposes ‘universal registration of all firearms and their owners’
verifiable:   "We have the fewest people employed in this country since 1979."  
verifiable:Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers says fewer now working than any point since 1979
verifiable:   Says it’s "an old wives’ story" that Margaret Thatcher told George H.W. Bush not to go wobbly.  
verifiable:Dick Cheney disputes Margaret Thatcher’s famous ‘no time to go wobbly’ quote
verifiable:   Air travelers "can’t get on a plane in the United States without someone doing a background check" on them.  
verifiable:Air travelers get background checks but some gun buyers don’t, says Connecticut Gov. Dan Malloy
verifiable:Says in Chicago, "we take more guns off the streets than New York or L.A."  
verifiable:Mayor Rahm Emanuel says Chicago takes more guns off the streets than New York or L.A.
verifiable:   "Expanding Medicaid will worsen health care options for the most vulnerable among us in Texas."  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says expanding Medicaid will "worsen health care options for the most vulnerable"
verifiable:   A new law "requires the USDA to approve the harvest and sale of crops from genetically modified seed even if a court has ruled against the crop as being dangerous to public safety or the environment."  
verifiable:Group says Monsanto law skirts courts, requires approval of genetically engineered seeds
verifiable:   Says that under President Barack Obama’s health care law, "your insurance" premiums could go up by 200 percent and cost "as much as a new Explorer."  
verifiable:Ex-Sen. Fred Thompson says Obamcare could raise premiums enough to pay for a new Ford Explorer
verifiable:   Says "94 percent of (Marco Rubio's) constituents support a universal background check."  
verifiable:Mark Kelly says 94 percent of Floridians support universal background checks
verifiable:   "Very few men outlive their own fertility."  
verifiable:Attorney in same-sex marriage case says ‘very few men outlive their own fertility’
verifiable:   An annual income of $500,000 "in Manhattan, believe it or not, is middle class."  
verifiable:Does earning $500,000 in Manhattan make you middle class?
verifiable:   Says New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg says "we can only have three bullets" and "the NRA wants firearms with nukes on them."  
verifiable:Wayne LaPierre: Michael Bloomberg says ‘we can only have three bullets’ and ‘the NRA wants firearms with nukes’
verifiable:"If you go back to 1999, Wayne LaPierre testified on behalf of the NRA that background checks were appropriate and should be done."  
verifiable:Michael Bloomberg: NRA used to support more background checks
verifiable:   While the sequester is in effect, the federal government is still funding a study on duck penises.  
verifiable: Is the federal government funding a study on duck penises?
verifiable:   The Air Force wants taxpayers to fund a fantasy football league.  
verifiable:Bloggers say the Air Force wants taxpayers to fund fantasy football league
verifiable:   "We have a federal government that thinks they have the authority to regulate our toilet seats."  
verifiable:Sen. Ted Cruz says the federal government thinks it has ‘authority to regulate our toilet seats’
verifiable:   "In the last two years, we have reduced the deficit by $2.5 trillion."  
verifiable:Harry Reid says deficit has been reduced by $2.5 trillion in past two years
verifiable:   "Scientists tell us that we could have a cure in 10 years for Alzheimer's" were it not for "overzealous regulators, excessive taxation and greedy litigators."  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says Alzheimer's disease could be cured if not for government regulation, taxes and lawyers
verifiable:"Seven of the 10 highest-income counties in the country ring the city" of Washington D.C.  
verifiable:Sarah Palin says D.C. is home to 7 of 10 of the highest-income counties
verifiable:   "In the United States, 50 percent of social services are provided by the Catholic church."  
verifiable:Does the Catholic church provide half of social services in the U.S.?
verifiable:   Of every "three dollars in food stamps for the needy, seven dollars in salaries and pensions (go to) the bureaucrats who are supposed to be taking care of the poor."  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says 70 percent of food stamp funding goes to 'bureaucrats'
verifiable:   "Our debt is already bigger than our economy."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan says nation’s debt is bigger than the economy
verifiable:   Says the federal government is supporting a study in Hawaii to "develop a menu for when we colonize Mars."  
verifiable:Rand Paul mocks federally funded study on menus for astronauts
verifiable:   "There are 3.6 million jobs sitting vacant, in part because there aren’t enough qualified applicants to fill them."  
verifiable:Rep. Virginia Foxx warns of mismatch between skills, available jobs
verifiable:   "More than 64 percent of minimum-wage earners are women."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says 64 percent of minimum-wage earners are women
verifiable:   "When (John) Brennan ... was asked directly … ‘Is there any geographic limitation to your drone strike program?’ Brennan responded and said, ‘no, there is no limitation.’"  
verifiable:Rand Paul says CIA Director John Brennan claimed no geographic limit on drone strikes
verifiable:"We have no regulation of drones in the United States in their commercial use."  
verifiable:Sen. Dianne Feinstein says there's 'no regulation' of commercial drones
verifiable:   Says Jeb Bush "flip-flop-flip(ped) on immigration."  
verifiable:Has Jeb Bush flip-flopped on immigration and a pathway to citizenship?
verifiable:   "The president is advocating a drone strike program in America."  
verifiable:Sen. Rand Paul says Obama 'is advocating a drone strike program in America'
verifiable:   "When the president's spokesman was asked about (Anwar) al-Awlaki's son, … he said he should have chosen a more responsible father."  
verifiable:Rand Paul challenges Obama spokesman's comment on son of terrorist killed by drone strike
verifiable:   Of $60 billion Congress approved in response to Hurricane Sandy, "only 10 percent was for disaster relief."  
verifiable:Al Cardenas says of $60B Congress approved after Hurricane Sandy, 'only 10 percent was for disaster relief'
verifiable:   "Do you know which state has the worst ratio of white voter turnout to African-American voter turnout? Massachusetts. Do you know what has the best, where African-American turnout actually exceeds white turnout? Mississippi."  
verifiable:Was Chief Justice John Roberts right about voting rates in Massachusetts, Mississippi?
verifiable:   "There's no plan from Senate Democrats or the White House to replace the sequester."  
verifiable:House Speaker John Boehner says Obama, Democrats have no plan to replace sequester
verifiable:   Says a majority of Americans -- and Republicans -- support his approach for deficit reduction.  
verifiable:Barack Obama says "the majority of the American people agree with me" on spending cuts and tax increases to fix the budget
verifiable:   Due to the sequester, "people are going to be unsafe. Homes are going to burn."  
verifiable:Rep. Ami Bera says due to sequester, 'people are going to be unsafe. Homes are going to burn'
verifiable:   "There are literally teachers now who are getting pink slips" because of sequestration.  
verifiable:Arne Duncan says teachers are losing jobs because of sequestration
verifiable:   Says the federal government is earning more tax revenue now "than any other time."  
verifiable:Kevin McCarthy says federal government has more revenue now than ‘any other time’
verifiable:   "There's going to be a slowdown and delays in flights" as a result of the sequester.  
verifiable:Ray LaHood: sequestration will delay air travel
verifiable:   "When I ran against incumbent President Gerald Ford, you know how much money we raised? None."  
verifiable:Jimmy Carter says when he ran against Gerald Ford, he didn't raise any money
verifiable:   In a budget deal struck in 2011 "a trillion dollars of cuts went into effect immediately, and then a special committee was set up ... to get agreement on another $3 trillion of cuts."  
verifiable:Sen. Bill Nelson says 2011 budget deal included immediate cuts
verifiable:   If the sequester hits, federal prosecutors will have to "let criminals go."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says sequester could force prosecutors to 'let criminals go'
verifiable:   Says if Congress doesn’t avoid the sequester, "tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care for their kids."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says sequester would leave ‘tens of thousands’ of parents scrambling for child care
verifiable:   If the sequester hits, "hundreds of thousands of Americans will lose access to primary care and preventive care like flu vaccinations and cancer screenings."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says sequester would cut vaccinations, cancer screenings for hundreds of thousands
verifiable:   The sequester "won’t consider whether we’re cutting some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness, or a vital service that Americans depend on every single day. It doesn’t make those distinctions."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says sequestration cuts will be indiscriminate
verifiable:   Says after Hurricane Sandy, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg "refused to allow the National Guard into the city to restore civil order because Guardsmen carry guns!"  
verifiable:Wayne LaPierre says New York mayor refused National Guard help after Sandy  'because Guardsmen carry guns!'
verifiable:"The president flagrantly defies the 2006 federal law ordering the construction of a secure border fence along the entire Mexican border."  
verifiable:Wayne LaPierre says Obama ignores border fence law
verifiable:   "Phoenix is already one of the kidnapping capitals of the world."  
verifiable:Wayne LaPierre says Phoenix is 'one of the kidnapping capitals of the world'
verifiable:   "The majority of (the American people) voted for a Democratic House."  
verifiable:Steny Hoyer: House Democrats won majority of 2012 popular vote
verifiable:   Says wrestling was a favorite sport of Abraham Lincoln.  
verifiable:Donald Rumsfeld says Abraham Lincoln loved wrestling
verifiable:   Says of a failed cloture vote on nominating Chuck Hagel for defense secretary: "This is not a filibuster."  
verifiable:John Cornyn said move to delay Hagel nomination is “not a filibuster”
verifiable:   "The 12 hottest years on record have come in the last 15 years."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says the 12 hottest years on record have come in the last 15 years
verifiable:"Already, the Affordable Care Act is helping to slow the growth of (Medicare’s) health care costs."  
verifiable:Obama says health care law is already slowing down Medicare costs
verifiable:   Says he and Mitt Romney agreed on tying minimum wage increases to inflation.  
verifiable:Obama says he and Romney agreed on indexing minimum wage
verifiable:   "We have doubled the distance our cars will go on a gallon of gas."  
verifiable:Obama says fuel efficiency has doubled
verifiable:   "Throughout, we have kept Congress fully informed of our efforts" to create a legal framework on counterterrorism.  
verifiable:Barack Obama says he's kept Congress "fully informed" on targeted killings
verifiable:   Says "overwhelming majorities of Americans" support gun legislation "like background checks."  
verifiable:President Barack Obama says an 'overwhelming' majority supports gun legislation like background checks
verifiable:   Military spending cuts, known as the sequester, were President Barack Obama’s idea.  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says sequester was Obama’s idea
verifiable:   Says his administration has made "progress" on border enforcement by "putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history and reducing illegal crossings to their lowest levels in 40 years."  
verifiable:Barack Obama touts administration's border enforcement achievements in State of the Union
verifiable:   "After shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. has created half million manufacturing jobs in three years
verifiable:   "With the exception of slavery and the Chinese Exclusion Act, our laws have never barred persons from becoming citizens."  
verifiable:Rep. Zoe Lofgren says U.S. laws have rarely barred access to citizenship
verifiable:   "Washington, D.C., now has greater population than Wyoming and Vermont, more active duty military than 29 states, more tax revenue than 29 states (and) a larger domestic product than 27 states."  
verifiable:D.C. voting-rights post offers hit-and-miss data
verifiable:   "As a result of National Rifle Association and other private-sector (safety-education) programs, fatal firearms accidents are at the lowest level in 100 years."  
verifiable:Wayne LaPierre of NRA says “fatal firearms accidents are at the lowest level in 100 years”
verifiable:Research shows that "a vast majority of arriving immigrants today come here because they believe that government is the source of prosperity, and that's what they support."  
verifiable:Rush Limbaugh says immigrants come to U.S. seeking prosperity from government
verifiable:   Says since Australia passed tough gun laws, "homicides by firearm have declined almost 60 percent."  
verifiable:Stephen King says since Australia cracked down on guns, homicides by gun dropped 60 percent
verifiable:   "Today, about 40 percent of guns are purchased without a background check."  
verifiable:Kirsten Gillibrand says 40 percent of guns sold today escape background check
verifiable:   Says Chuck Hagel has called for "an end to our nuclear program."  
verifiable:Chuck Hagel has called for 'an end to our nuclear program,' says Americans for a Strong Defense
verifiable:"One out of every five law enforcement officers that's killed is killed with an assault weapon."  
verifiable:Dianne Feinstein says one of five law enforcement officers killed are killed by assault weapons
verifiable:   "Washington, D.C., had some of the strictest gun laws in the country. And when they passed them, violence skyrocketed."  
verifiable:Marco Rubio says after D.C. passed gun laws, 'violence skyrocketed'
verifiable:Under President Barack Obama, "8.3 (million) fewer Americans are working today than there were four years ago."  
verifiable:Sean Hannity says under President Barack Obama, 8.3 million fewer Americans are working
verifiable:   The tax penalty that the government imposes if you don't buy health insurance "is lower than it would have cost to buy insurance."  
verifiable:Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis says ‘Obamacare’ tax is cheaper than insurance
verifiable:   "Even members of the NRA, when they were polled recently, were under the impression that everyone has a criminal background check."  
verifiable:Rep. Jackie Speier says poll shows NRA members believe all gun buyers face background checks
verifiable:   "Poverty levels (are) at an all-time high."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says poverty in U.S. is at an all-time high
verifiable:Since 1968, "more Americans have died from gunfire than died in … all the wars of this country's history."  
verifiable:PBS commentator Mark Shields says more killed by guns since '68 than in all U.S. wars
verifiable:   In 2011, more people were murdered with knives, "hands or feet" or "clubs and hammers" than with any type of rifle.  
verifiable:Facebook post says more people were murdered with knives, body parts or blunt objects than with rifles
verifiable:   Says Chuck Hagel "opposed sanctions against Iran."  
verifiable:Ileana Ros-Lehtinen said defense secretary nominee Chuck Hagel "opposed sanctions against Iran"
verifiable:   "While President Obama says all options are on the table for preventing a nuclear Iran, Hagel says military action is not a viable, feasible, responsible option."  
verifiable:Pro-Israel group's ad depicts Obama and Hagel disagreeing on Iran
verifiable:AIG has fully repaid the federal government "plus a profit of more than $22 billion."  
verifiable:AIG says it has repaid the government, plus profit
verifiable:"This week the House of Representatives voted to remove the word ‘lunatic’ from federal law."  
verifiable:Allen West said the House voted to remove the word 'lunatic' from federal law
verifiable:   Says Walmart employees represent the largest group of Medicaid and food stamp recipients in many states, costing the taxpayer $1,000 per worker.  
verifiable:Alan Grayson says more Walmart employees on Medicaid, food stamps than other companies
verifiable:   "Mitt Romney made over a hundred million dollars by shutting down (a Marion, Ind. paper) plant."  
verifiable:Ad claims Mitt Romney made 'over a hundred million dollars' shutting down paper plant
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney "was director of a company that stole millions from Medicare."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney and Rick Scott both have Medicare fraud in their background, super PAC ad claims
verifiable:   Says during George W. Bush’s administration "we were losing millions of jobs per month," while under Barack Obama we have "three years of gaining hundreds of thousands of jobs per month."  
verifiable:Michael Moore said U.S. lost millions of jobs per month under Bush
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney wants to "get rid of Planned Parenthood."  
verifiable:Radio ad says Mitt Romney wants to "get rid of Planned Parenthood”
verifiable:Says "Romney supported a law that could have made most common forms of birth control illegal."  
verifiable:Florida Dems say Romney supported law that could have banned some kinds of birth control
verifiable:   An Obama campaign tactic for rallying voters is to "offer them cell phones."  
verifiable:Adam Putnam: Obama campaign gives free cell phones to supporters
verifiable:   Says "Mitt Romney’s plan rolls back regulations" on banks.  
verifiable:Barack Obama says Mitt Romney would roll back banking regulations
verifiable:   "There are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood for not just contraceptive care; they rely on it for mammograms."  
verifiable:Barack Obama, critics clash on whether Planned Parenthood provides mammograms
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney’s plan makes "catastrophic cuts to education."  
verifiable:Obama ad says Romney will make ‘catastrophic cuts to education’
verifiable:   "We borrow $4 billion every single day, much of it from China."  
verifiable:Clint Eastwood says in ad that U.S. borrows $4B day, much 'from China’
verifiable:Says Barack Obama "sold Chrysler to Italians who are going to build Jeeps in China" at the cost of American jobs.  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Obama's Chrysler deal undermined U.S. workers
verifiable:   "Women in Barack Obama's White House are earning less than men."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says women White House employees earn less than men under Barack Obama
verifiable:   "Under President Obama: $4,000 tax hike on middle-class families."  
verifiable:Romney says Obama plans $4,000 tax hike on middle class
verifiable:   Says GM used taxpayer dollars to prop up operations in China.  
verifiable:Ad claims GM used bailout money to boost China operations
verifiable:   "The sequester is not something that I've proposed. It is something that Congress has proposed."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says Congress owns sequestration cuts
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney wants to add $2 trillion to defense budget that the military hasn’t asked for.  
verifiable:Obama says Romney would spend $2 trillion that the military hasn't asked for
verifiable:   Says Romney said "we should ask Pakistan for permission" to take a shot at Osama bin Laden.  
verifiable:Obama claims Romney said "we should ask Pakistan for permission" to take out Osama bin Laden
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama was silent on Iran "when the students took to the streets in Tehran and the people there protested, (and) the Green Revolution occurred."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama was silent about the protests after the 2009 Iran election
verifiable:   "Pakistan has 100 nuclear warheads and they’re rushing to build a lot more. They’ll have more than Great Britain sometime in the relatively near future."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Pakistan is on a path to overtake the U.K. in nuclear weapons
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney "just gave a speech a few weeks ago" and said "we should still have troops in Iraq."  
verifiable:Barack Obama: Mitt Romney said troops should still be in Iraq
verifiable:   "Latin America’s economy is almost as big as the economy of China."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Latin America’s economy is "almost as big" as the economy of China
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney was clear that he "would not provide government assistance to the U.S. auto companies, even if they went through bankruptcy."  
verifiable:Obama says Romney opposed any government help to rescue carmakers
verifiable:   "Veterans’ unemployment is actually now lower than (the) general population. It was higher when I came into office."  
verifiable:Barack Obama touts his record on improving employment for veterans
verifiable:   "I went to the Olympics that was out of balance, and we got it on balance."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says he balanced the budget of the Salt Lake City Olympics
verifiable:   "The president said he was going to create daylight between ourselves and Israel."  
verifiable:Romney says Obama wants ‘daylight’ in U.S.-Israel relationship
verifiable:   "A few months ago when you were asked what's the biggest geopolitical threat facing America, you said Russia."  
verifiable:Obama: Romney called Russia our top geopolitical threat
verifiable:   Says a university survey concluded his Massachusetts administration "had more women in senior leadership positions than any other state in America."  
verifiable:Romney says a survey found Massachusetts 'had more women in senior leadership positions than any other state'
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney and George Allen "would overturn Roe v. Wade and allow states to end safe, legal abortion even in cases of rape, incest or when a woman's life is at risk."  
verifiable:Planned Parenthood says Mitt Romney and George Allen 'would overturn Roe v. Wade and allow states to end safe, legal abortion'
verifiable:   "George Bush never suggested that we eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says George W. Bush never sought to defund Planned Parenthood
verifiable:   As a Member of Congress, Chris Murphy "was raking in $1 million in salary."  
verifiable:Linda McMahon says opponent Chris Murphy 'was raking in $1 million in salary' in Congress
verifiable:   "Regulations have quadrupled. The rate of regulations quadrupled under this president."  
verifiable:Romney says federal regulations quadrupled under Obama
verifiable:   Says his administration put more border patrol agents on the U.S.-Mexico border than at "any time in history, and the flow of undocumented workers across the border is actually lower than it's been in 40 years."  
verifiable:Barack Obama touts record high border agents, lowest immigration from Mexico in 40 years
verifiable:   Says his administration has created "5 million jobs … over the last 30 months in the private sector alone."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says his administration has created 5 million jobs
verifiable:Says Mitt Romney suggested that "employers should be able to make the decision as to whether or not a woman gets contraception through her insurance coverage."  
verifiable:Obama says Romney suggested employers should be able to decide if insurance covers contraceptives
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney "called the Arizona law a model for the nation."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says Mitt Romney called the Arizona immigration law a 'model for the nation.'
verifiable:Says Barack Obama began his presidency "with an apology tour."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama began his presidency "with an apology tour"
verifiable:   Says President Obama waited two weeks to call the attack in Libya "terror."  
verifiable:Romney says Obama waited 14 days to call Libya attack terror
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney refused to say whether he'd sign the Lilly Ledbetter bill.  
verifiable:Obama: Mitt Romney refused to say whether he supports Lilly Ledbetter Act
verifiable:   When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, he "stood in front of a coal plant and pointed at it and said, ‘This plant kills.’"  
verifiable:Obama says Romney once said a coal-burning plant ‘kills people’ 
verifiable:   "Oil production is down 14 percent this year on federal land."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says 'oil production is down 14 percent this year on federal land'
verifiable:   Says Obama broke his promise to offer a comprehensive immigration bill in his first year.  
verifiable:Romney says Obama failed to offer the immigration bill he promised
verifiable:   Paul Ryan "cut embassy security in his budget by $300 million below what we asked for."  
verifiable:Joe Biden says Paul Ryan cut embassy security by $300 million
verifiable:   Says six studies verify that the math adds up for Mitt Romney’s tax plan.  
verifiable:Ryan says six studies say the math works in Romney tax plan
verifiable:   As governor, "Mitt Romney raised nursing home fees eight times."  
verifiable:Obama ad says Romney raised nursing home fees eight times in Mass.
verifiable:   Says the Obama administration "watered down sanctions" against Iran, delayed them and tried to stop Congress "from putting the tough sanctions in place."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan says the Obama administration ‘watered down sanctions’ against Iran
verifiable:   Says economists Harvey Rosen and Martin Feldstein have said that "paying for (Mitt) Romney’s tax cuts would require large tax increases on families making between $100,000 and $200,000."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says economists' studies don't back up Mitt Romney's tax promises
verifiable:   Says Joe Biden "went to China and said that he sympathized and wouldn't second-guess their one-child policy of forced abortions and sterilizations."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan says Biden sympathized and wouldn't second-guess forced abortions and sterilizations
verifiable:   "There's not one Democrat who endorses" the Romney-Ryan Medicare plan.  
verifiable:Joe Biden says no Democrats support Paul Ryan’s Medicare proposal
verifiable:   "The Canadians — they (dropped) their tax rates to 15 percent. The average tax rate on businesses in the industrialized world is 25 percent."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan says Canada now has 15 percent corporate tax rate
verifiable:   "We weren't told they wanted more security " for diplomatic facilities in Libya.  
verifiable:Biden says 'we weren't told' about Libya security requests
verifiable:The Obama administration "called Bashar Assad a reformer when he was turning his Russian-provided guns on his own people."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan says Obama administration called Bashar Assad 'a reformer'
verifiable:   Says Obama was in New York City the same day as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu but went on a TV show instead of meeting with him.  
verifiable:Paul Ryan said Obama was in NYC same day as Bibi but dissed him
verifiable:   Says the Obama administration spent taxpayer dollars on electric cars in Finland (and) windmills in China.  
verifiable:Ryan says stimulus dollars paid for electric cars in Finland and windmills from China
verifiable:   On ending the war in Iraq, "Gov. Romney said that was a tragic mistake, we should have left 30,000 troops there."  
verifiable:Biden: Romney called ending the Iraq war 'tragic'
verifiable:   Says Obama promised unemployment would never go above 8 percent.  
verifiable:Ryan: Obama promised unemployment would not exceed 8 percent
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan would "eliminate the guarantee of Medicare."  
verifiable:Joe Biden says Mitt Romney, Paul Ryan would 'eliminate the guarantee of Medicare.'
verifiable:   "When Congress voted to condemn Iran for sentencing a Christian pastor to death, (U.S. Rep. Lois) Capps was the only member who voted no."  
verifiable:Pro-Israel group attacks Rep. Lois Capps for casting only 'no' vote
verifiable:   "Since President Obama took office, there are over 450,000 more unemployed women."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney ad says under Barack Obama, there are 450,000 more unemployed women
verifiable:   Says Romney wants to "take away early childhood education, slash K-12 funding, and cut college aid … to pay for a $250,000 tax break for multi-millionaires."  
verifiable:Super PAC says Romney takes from education, gives to millionaires
verifiable:   President Barack Obama’s "spending drove us $5 trillion deeper in debt."  
verifiable:Ad says Barack 'Obama’s spending drove us $5 trillion deeper in debt.'
verifiable:   Says Romney invested in a firm that made goods in China that "could have been made here in America."  
verifiable:Obama ties Romney to Chinese exporter
verifiable:   "This is what President Obama said the jobless rate would be if we passed the stimulus: 5.6 percent."  
verifiable:Ad says Barack Obama promised the jobless rate would be 5.6% if Congress passed the stimulus
verifiable:   The federal tax code has "loopholes that are giving incentives for companies that are shipping jobs overseas."  
verifiable:Obama says tax code rewards firms for shifting jobs overseas
verifiable:   "In Romney's first budget (in Massachusetts), he cut $248.7 million from K-12 education."  
verifiable:Obama ad accuses Romney of cutting Mass. K-12 education by $248.7 million
verifiable:   Under Barack Obama, the U.S. now has the "lowest workforce since (President Jimmy) Carter."  
verifiable:Ad says workforce smaller under Barack Obama than any time since Jimmy Carter
verifiable:   "In one year, (President Obama) provided $90 billion in breaks to the green energy world … into solar and wind, to Solyndra and Fisker and Tesla and Ener1."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama provided $90 billion in green energy 'breaks' in one year
verifiable:   Says 50 million people would lose their health insurance if Obamacare is repealed.  
verifiable:Obama says 50 million lose coverage if Obamacare is repealed
verifiable:Says President Obama has "doubled" the deficit.  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama has 'doubled' the deficit
verifiable:   "Pre-existing conditions are covered under my (health care) plan."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says his health care plan covers pre-existing conditions
verifiable:   Massachusetts schools "are ranked No. 1 of all 50 states."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney said Massachusetts schools are ranked 1st in the nation
verifiable:   Says Romney wants to add $2 trillion to the defense budget that the military hasn’t asked for.  
verifiable:Barack Obama says Mitt Romney would spend $2 trillion that the military hasn't asked for
verifiable:   "Under Gov. Romney's definition ... Donald Trump is a small business."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says 'Donald Trump is a small business' in debate 
verifiable:   Because of Obamacare, "over the last two years, health care premiums have gone up -- it's true -- but they've gone up slower than any time in the last 50 years."  
verifiable:Obama said health premiums in the last two years went up slower than any time in the past five decades
verifiable:   Romney’s Medicare plan was estimated to "cost the average senior about $6,000 a year."  
verifiable:Obama said Romney's plan could cost future retirees $6,000
verifiable:   Says Obama promised to cut the deficit in half.  
verifiable:Romney says Obama promised to cut deficit in half
verifiable:   Obama says he’s "put forward a specific $4 trillion deficit reduction plan."  
verifiable:Obama says he will cut deficits by $4 trillion
verifiable:   "Right now, the (Congressional Budget Office) says up to 20 million people will lose their insurance as Obamacare goes into effect next year."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says up to 20 million will lose health insurance due to Obama health care law
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney's plan "calls for a $5 trillion tax cut."  
verifiable:Obama says Romney's plan is a $5 trillion tax cut
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama "put in place a board that can tell people ultimately what treatments they're going to receive."  
verifiable:Romney says IPAB board can "tell people ultimately what treatments they're going to receive.”
verifiable:   "We’re now spending 42 percent of our economy on government."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says U.S. is 'now spending 42 percent of our economy on government'
verifiable:   Romney "would turn Medicare into a voucher program."  
verifiable:Obama says Romney wants to turn Medicare into a voucher program
verifiable:   "On Medicare for current retirees, he's cutting $716 billion from the program."  
verifiable:Romney says Obama cut $716 billion from Medicare
verifiable:   Says President Barack Obama "already passed all these Obamacare taxes. About a dozen of them hit middle-income taxpayers."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan says a dozen 'Obamacare' taxes hit middle-class Americans
verifiable:   The Obama administration’s "green" stimulus program "funneled close to $2 billion dollars to overseas firms," creating thousands of jobs in China.  
verifiable:Anti-tax group says Obama's stimulus led to jobs in China, not U.S.
verifiable:   Chinese tire imports threatened 1,000 American jobs, so President Obama "stood up to China and protected American workers. Mitt Romney attacked Obama's decision."  
verifiable:Ad says Obama defied China to save tire-making jobs at home, Romney criticized
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney’s investments created zero jobs.  
verifiable:Union-backed ad says Mitt Romney's investments created zero jobs
verifiable:   "Taxes are lower on families than they've been probably in the last 50 years."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says taxes on families are at their lowest point in 50 years
verifiable:Says Illinois Democrat David Gill "would end Medicare."  
verifiable:NRCC says Illinois candidate David Gill would "end Medicare"
verifiable:Says the government has "gotten the TARP money back plus a profit."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton says TARP turned a profit
verifiable:   "Over the last four years, the deficit has gone up, but 90 percent of that is as a consequence of" President George W. Bush’s policies and the recession.  
verifiable:Barack Obama says he's responsible for just 10 percent of budget shortfalls
verifiable:   "Barack Hussein Obama will … force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate babies."  
verifiable:Ad claims Obama will ‘force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate babies’
verifiable:Says Obama is only president in history who has deliberately removed the words "endowed by their Creator" when referring to the Declaration of Independence.  
verifiable:Ad says Obama leaves 'Creator' out of Declaration
verifiable:   "Barack Hussein Obama will ... force local authorities to allow Occupy protesters to live in parks."  
verifiable:Government is Not God PAC says Obama wants to allow Occupy protesters to live in parks
verifiable:   "Barack Hussein Obama will ... force Christian schools to hire non-Christian teachers."  
verifiable:Newspaper ad says Barack Obama will “force Christian schools to hire non-Christian teachers”
verifiable:   "Barack Hussein Obama will .. force Christian organizations to pay for abortions."  
verifiable:PAC ad says Obama will force Christian groups to pay for abortions
verifiable:   "Barack Hussein Obama will ... force courts to accept Islamic Sharia law in domestic disputes."  
verifiable:PAC claims Obama would force sharia law on courts
verifiable:   Says Obama sent $450 million to China to build a wind farm in Texas.  
verifiable:Anti-tax group says Obama sent $450 million to China to build Texas wind farm
verifiable:   College tuition "costs have risen by 25 percent under the Democrats."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney, in Spanish-language ad, says college costs are up 25 percent under Barack Obama
verifiable:   Says Obama adviser David Plouffe took "large piles of cash" from a joint venture partner of a company owned by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard.  
verifiable:Super PAC claims Obama adviser took money from company with Iran ties
verifiable:   Says Romney tax plan "could take away middle-class deductions for child care, mortgages and college tuition."  
verifiable:Obama says Romney could take away middle class tax deductions
verifiable:   "Eight million Americans have dropped out of the work force since (Barack) Obama became president. ... The real unemployment rate is 19 percent."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney-aligned group says 'real' unemployment rate is 19 percent
verifiable:   "Redistribution" has "never been a characteristic of America."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says “redistribution” has “never been a characteristic of America”
verifiable:   "Even today part of Romney’s fortune is invested in China."  
verifiable:Obama says Romney talks tough on China but puts his money there
verifiable:    "Seven times Obama could have stopped China's cheating. Seven times, he refused."  
verifiable:Romney ad accuses Obama of refusing 'seven times' to stop 'China's cheating'
verifiable:   "Under Obama, families have lost over $4,000 a year in income."  
verifiable:Romney ad faults Obama for falling incomes
verifiable:   Says Romney and Ryan "both backed proposals that would outlaw abortions even in cases of rape or incest."  
verifiable:Obama ties Romney and Ryan to abortion ban with no rape, incest exceptions
verifiable:   The "48, 49 percent" that supports President Barack Obama are "people who pay no income tax."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says voters who support Barack Obama are “people who pay no income tax”
verifiable:   "Forty-seven percent of Americans pay no income tax."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says 47 percent of Americans pay no income tax
verifiable:   "Fifty percent of kids coming out of school can't get a job."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says half of students can't get a job out of college
verifiable:   Says President Obama promised "he'd keep unemployment below 8 percent" if the stimulus passed.  
verifiable:Romney repeats claim that Obama promised unemployment would not exceed 8 percent
verifiable:   Says he "will protect your guaranteed benefits" in Medicare while "Mitt Romney would take away Medicare as guaranteed benefits."  
verifiable:Is Barack Obama right on 'guaranteed benefits' under Medicare?
verifiable:   Says that under Mitt Romney, 89 million Americans could be denied coverage if they have a pre-existing condition.  
verifiable:Obama campaign says 89 million Americans 'could' be denied health coverage under Mitt Romney
verifiable:   Says five studies show his tax plan can cut rates and still bring the same revenue without raising taxes on the middle class.  
verifiable:Romney claims five studies back up his tax plan
verifiable:   Under Obama, home values in Florida collapsed, construction jobs were lost and the state had a high foreclosure rate.  
verifiable:Mitt Romney ad blames Barack Obama for Florida housing woes
verifiable:   Says he and Mitt Romney "always said that we agree with the 2014 deadline" for leaving Afghanistan.  
verifiable:Paul Ryan says Romney has always supported 2014 Afghanistan withdrawal
verifiable:   On new dollar coins, "'In God We Trust' is gone!"  
verifiable:Taking "In God We Trust" off coins was debunked years ago
verifiable:   "We've doubled our use of renewable energy."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says, "We've doubled our use of renewable energy"
verifiable:   "After 30 years of inaction, we raised fuel standards so that by the middle of the next decade, cars and trucks will go twice as far on a gallon of gas."  
verifiable:President Barack Obama says he raised fuel standards after '30 years of inaction'
verifiable:   The Obama administration is allowing state waivers from welfare work requirements "only if they had a credible plan to increase employment by 20 percent."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton says Obama administration trying to boost work in welfare
verifiable:   Says President Barack Obama "gives students the right to repay (federal) loans as a clear, fixed, low percentage of their income for up to 20 years."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton says the president let students pay 'clear, fixed, low' rate for loans
verifiable:   Says Romney called Russia our No. 1 enemy.  
verifiable:Obama says Romney called Russia our ‘No. 1 enemy’
verifiable:   "I've cut taxes for ... middle-class families, small businesses."  
verifiable:Barack Obama said he's cut taxes for 'middle-class families, small businesses'
verifiable:   Says his budget plan "would cut our deficits by $4 trillion."  
verifiable:Obama says his budget plan will cut deficits by $4 trillion
verifiable:   "After a decade of decline, this country created over half a million manufacturing jobs in the last two and a half years."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. has gained a half-million manufacturing jobs
verifiable:   Says that Mitt Romney's response to the crisis in the auto industry was, "Let Detroit go bankrupt."  
verifiable:Granholm says Romney's response to auto crisis was 'Let Detroit go bankrupt'
verifiable:   When Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid were created, "Republicans stood on the sidelines"  
verifiable:James Clyburn says Republicans sat on sidelines for passage of Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid
verifiable:Says Mitt Romney asked for a waiver from federal welfare rules.  
verifiable:Rahm Emanuel says Romney asked for welfare work waiver in Massachusetts
verifiable:   Ohio has "created 45,000 new manufacturing jobs since 2010. And that's due in large part to the fact that the auto rescue has helped Ohio."  
verifiable:Strickland credits auto rescue for Ohio manufacturing gains
verifiable:   Under President Barack Obama’s leadership, "since June 2009, (the auto) industry has added a quarter of a million jobs."  
verifiable:UAW president Bob King says auto industry has gained 250,000 jobs since mid-2009
verifiable:   Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan attacked the president for "the same amount of Medicare savings that (Ryan) had in his own budget."  
verifiable:Clinton says Ryan attacked Obama for Medicare cuts reflected in Ryan's own budget
verifiable:   "In the last 29 months, our economy has produced about 4.5 million private-sector jobs."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton says 4.5 million jobs have been created under Barack Obama
verifiable:   The stimulus program "cut taxes for 95 percent of the American people."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton says Barack Obama cut taxes for 95 percent of people through stimulus
verifiable:"Since 1961 … our private economy has produced 66 million private-sector jobs. So what's the jobs score? Republicans 24 million, Democrats 42 (million)."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton says Democratic presidents top Republican presidents in job creation
verifiable:   Mitt Romney said we should let foreclosures "hit the bottom."  
verifiable:Kamala Harris says Romney favors letting foreclosures hit bottom
verifiable:   Women "receive only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns."  
verifiable:Diana DeGette says women earn 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man
verifiable:   When it comes to jobless workers, "Mitt Romney says he likes to fire people."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney said he likes to fire people, said Delaware governor
verifiable:   "Republicans would give seniors a (Medicare) voucher that limits what's covered, costing seniors as much as $6,400 more a year."  
verifiable:Kathleen Sebelius repeats claim that Romney-Ryan Medicare 'voucher' plan would cost seniors $6,400
verifiable:   "Seven presidents before (Barack Obama) -- Republicans and Democrats -- tried to expand health care to all Americans."  
verifiable:Julian Castro says seven presidents before Barack Obama sought universal health care
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney has put forward a plan "that would cut taxes for millionaires while raising them for the middle class."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney's plan would cut taxes for millionaires while raising them for the middle class, says Martin O'Malley
verifiable:   "By the time (Mitt Romney) left office, Massachusetts was 47th in the nation in job creation."  
verifiable:Did Mitt Romney's Massachusetts rank 47th in job creation?
verifiable:   At Bain Capital, "we helped start an early childhood learning company called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Michelle Obama 'praised' Bain company Bright Horizons
verifiable:   Under the "Obama economy ... utility bills are higher."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says utility prices have risen under Barack Obama
verifiable:   In his first TV interview as president, Obama said we "should talk to Iran."  
verifiable:In his first TV interview as president, Obama said we "should talk to Iran," Romney charges
verifiable:   Barack Obama began his presidency "with an apology tour."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney said Barack Obama began his presidency with an apology tour
verifiable:   "The majority of Americans now doubt that our children will have a better future."  
verifiable:Romney says majority of Americans now pessimistic about next generation
verifiable:   "In Massachusetts, Gov. Romney narrowed the gap between students of different races."  
verifiable:Jeb Bush says Romney narrowed achievement gap in Massachusetts
verifiable:   President Barack Obama has "weakened the respect for America abroad."  
verifiable:Callista Gingrich says Barack Obama has “weakened the respect for America abroad”
verifiable:   Says "President Obama and his National Labor Relations Board" sued Boeing over its decision to open a plant in South Carolina.  
verifiable:Nikki Haley ties Obama to Boeing labor dispute
verifiable:   President Obama "funneled" $716 billion out of Medicare "at the expense of the elderly."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan said President Obama “funneled” $716 billion out of Medicare “at the expense of the elderly.”
verifiable:   The Obama administration "even proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores!"  
verifiable:Barack Obama proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores, John Thune said
verifiable:   Barack Obama has "never even worked in business."  
verifiable:At GOP convention, Rob Portman says Barack Obama “never even worked in business.”
verifiable:   When his grandfather arrived in the United States, "there were no government benefits for immigrants."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says that when his grandfather arrived in the U.S., “there were no government benefits for immigrants"
verifiable:   "Last month, 44 of the 50 states saw an increase in the unemployment rate."  
verifiable:Scott Walker says 44 of 50 states last month saw unemployment-rate increases
verifiable:   "A Gallup report recently said that nearly 50 percent of small business owners aren't hiring because of what they call ‘regulatory uncertainty.’"  
verifiable:Sher Valenzuela says regulation is a big factor holding back small businesses
verifiable:   "A report just came out that if we continue with President Obama's policies, we're looking at over 9 percent unemployment next year in the fourth quarter."  
verifiable:Rep. Michele Bachmann claims report says the president's policies will drive up unemployment
verifiable:   The health care law imposes a federal mandate requiring middle-class Americans to buy health insurance "whether they can afford it or not."  
verifiable:Artur Davis says the health care law requires people to buy insurance "whether they can afford it or not"
verifiable:There has been "$5 trillion in debt added over the last four years."  
verifiable:Chris Christie says there has been “$5 trillion in debt added over the last four years”
verifiable:   Says President Obama has waived "the work requirement for welfare."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum repeats Romney claim that Obama is ending work requirement in welfare
verifiable:   Mitt Romney "gave away his father's inheritance."  
verifiable:Reince Priebus says Mitt Romney 'gave away his father's inheritance'
verifiable:   In the past 27 months, President Barack Obama has created more private-sector jobs than "in the Reagan recovery."  
verifiable:Barack Obama's campaign says his recovery has outpaced Ronald Reagan's in job creation
verifiable:   Republicans included "the Akin amendment in the Republican Party platform, which bans abortion, even for rape victims."  
verifiable:Charlie Crist said the GOP platform bans abortion even in cases of rape
verifiable:   "In 2008, candidate Barack Obama attacked John McCain for proposing cuts to Medicare."  
verifiable:Romney ad says Obama attacked McCain on Medicare in ‘08
verifiable:   The Obama administration "willfully leaked the existence of STUXNET (a computer worm used against Iran), allowing our enemies to learn more of our secrets and of our operations."  
verifiable:Group says Obama administration 'willfully leaked' existence of computer worm used against Iran
verifiable:   Paul Ryan’s Medicare plan "could raise future retirees’ costs more than $6,000."  
verifiable:Barack Obama ad says Paul Ryan’s Medicare plan could raise costs for Medicare beneficiaries by $6,000 each
verifiable:   "Mitt Romney says class sizes don’t matter."  
verifiable:Obama ad says class sizes 'don't matter' to Romney
verifiable:   The Obama administration "leaked information, deliberately or otherwise, that led to the identification of the Pakistani doctor that helped us in achieving our goals and killing bin Laden."  
verifiable:Group blames Obama for linking CIA to a Pakistani doctor
verifiable:   "Days after the (Osama bin Laden) raid, Hollywood was invited into the White House so that they could receive a briefing" that revealed intelligence sources and methods.  
verifiable:Group says Obama revealed secret information to Hollywood filmmakers
verifiable:   Paul Ryan would "outlaw in vitro fertilization."  
verifiable:Women's group says Paul Ryan would "outlaw in vitro fertilization”
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan "want to turn Medicare into a voucher system."  
verifiable:Do Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan want to turn Medicare into a voucher program?
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama "robbed Medicare (of) $716 billion to pay for ... Obamacare."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney said Barack Obama robs Medicare of more than $700 billion to pay for Obamacare 
verifiable:   Says Paul Ryan's budget relies on the same $700 billion in savings from Medicare that Mitt Romney and other Republicans have been attacking Democrats about.  
verifiable:Ryan's plan includes $700 billion in Medicare "cuts," says Stephanie Cutter
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney "wants to end tax credits for wind producers."  
verifiable:Obama says Romney would end wind power tax credits
verifiable:   Says U.S. Rep. Martin Heinrich "spent a trillion of our tax dollars on a stimulus for failed companies here and jobs overseas."  
verifiable:Did a New Mexico Rep. spend $1 trillion in tax dollars on a stimulus for "failed companies here and jobs overseas"?
verifiable:   "We do know that Romney personally approved over $70 million in fictional losses to the IRS as part of the notorious 'Son of Boss' tax scandal, one of the largest tax avoidance schemes in history."  
verifiable:Barack Obama links Mitt Romney to infamous tax shelter 'Son of Boss'
verifiable:Says Barack Obama "has deported more people than any other president in this country's history."  
verifiable:Has Barack Obama deported more people than any other president in U.S. history?
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney "paid only 14 percent in taxes — probably less than you."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says most Americans pay a higher tax rate than Mitt Romney
verifiable:   "Gov. Romney himself, with 28 other Republican governors, supported policies that would have eliminated the time limits in the welfare reform law and allowed people to stay on welfare forever."  
verifiable:Carney says Romney favored welfare forever legislation
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney and Bain Capital are to blame in a woman’s premature death when they closed the plant where her husband worked.     
verifiable:Pro-Obama group blames Romney in woman's death
verifiable:   "In June, jobless ranks were higher in nearly 90 percent of U.S. cities."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says 90 percent of cities saw unemployment rise in June
verifiable:Says Mitt Romney opposes requiring employers to cover contraception and would eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.  
verifiable:Barack Obama says Mitt Romney opposes contraception mandate and would cut Planned Parenthood funding
verifiable:"Under Obama’s plan (for welfare), you wouldn’t have to work and wouldn’t have to train for a job. They just send you your welfare check."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama’s plan for welfare reform: "They just send you your check."
verifiable:   Says Obama "refuses to recognize Jerusalem" as the capital of Israel.  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama rejects Jerusalem as capital of Israel
verifiable:   "As president, Barack Obama has never visited Israel."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama has not visited Israel as president
verifiable:   Says Romney would add "trillions" to the deficit while Obama would "cut the deficit by $4 trillion."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney would add “trillions” to the deficit while Barack Obama would “cut the deficit by $4 trillion," says Obama TV ad
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney did not pay taxes for 10 years.  
verifiable:Harry Reid says anonymous source told him Mitt Romney didn't pay taxes for 10 years
verifiable:   Mitt Romney is proposing a tax plan "that would give millionaires another tax break and raises taxes on middle class families by up to $2,000 a year."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney would cut millionaires’ taxes, Barack Obama says
verifiable:   "One out of every two kids who are graduating college right now can't find a job."  
verifiable:Republican Jewish Coalition says half of recent college grads "can't find a job"
verifiable:"U.S. Olympic medal winners will owe up to $9,000 to the IRS."  
verifiable:Do Olympic medalists owe up to $9,000 to the IRS?
verifiable:   It’s "typical" for a presidential candidate to release 10 or 11 years of tax returns.  
verifiable:It's typical for presidential candidates to release 10 or 11 years of returns, Clinton says
verifiable:"Today the Walton family of Walmart own more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of America."  
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says Walmart heirs own more wealth than bottom 40 percent of Americans
verifiable:   President Ronald Reagan sent troops into conflict "only in one circumstance, which was in Grenada … We were in a peacekeeping setting in Lebanon."  
verifiable:Romney said Reagan sent troops into conflict only once
verifiable:"The White House has three staff calligraphers making between $86,000 and $97,000 each, and just one National Security Director. She makes $55,000."  
verifiable:Calligraphers make more than national security directors in Obama White House, says Mike Huckabee
verifiable:   Says Romney had the uniforms for the 2002 Winter Olympic games made in Burma.  
verifiable:Ad says Mitt Romney had Olympic uniforms made in Burma
verifiable:   President Obama was saying success "is the result of government," not "hard-working people," when he said, "If you've got a business, you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen."  
verifiable:Putting Mitt Romney's attacks on 'You didn't build that' to the Truth-O-Meter
verifiable:   Says India "gained jobs thanks to Romney."  
verifiable:Super PAC ad says Mitt Romney outsources jobs to India
verifiable:   "Thousands (in China) owe their jobs to Mitt Romney's companies."  
verifiable:Pro-Obama super PAC ad says thousands of Chinese workers owe their jobs to Mitt Romney's companies
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney "backed a bill that outlaws all abortions, even in cases of rape and incest."  
verifiable:Obama ad says Romney opposed abortion, even in cases of rape and incest
verifiable:   "There's a loophole where you can sell guns without a background check … 40 percent of guns are sold that way" at gun shows and over the Internet.  
verifiable:Mayor Michael Bloomberg says 40 percent of guns are sold without a background check
verifiable:   The health care law includes "a 3.8% sales tax" on "all real estate transactions."  
verifiable:A 3.8% sales tax on real estate in the health care law? This chain email's claim just won't die
verifiable:   "Gov. Romney's plan would cut taxes for the folks at the very top."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says Mitt Romney's tax plan "would cut taxes for the folks at the very top"
verifiable:"USA is #1 in gun violence."  
verifiable:Facebook post says the U.S. is No. 1 in gun violence. Is it?
verifiable:   Stimulus dollars paid for "windmills from China."  
verifiable:Stimulus went to windmills from China? Romney ad says so
verifiable:   "Nearly 100,000 people get shot every year. That's 270 people a day and 87 dead."  
verifiable:Do 100,000 people get shot every year in U.S.? Facebook post says yes
verifiable:   The Obama administration "has been outsourcing" by sending money to "solar and wind energy companies that end up making their products outside the United States."  
verifiable:Romney says stimulus money for solar and energy was "outsourced" to overseas companies
verifiable:   Says stimulus money went to buy electric cars from Finland as a payback to Obama supporters.  
verifiable:Romney ad says stimulus money went to buy electric cars from Finland as a payback to Obama supporters
verifiable:   Over the last six months, President Barack Obama has golfed 10 times and held 106 fundraisers, but his jobs council has never met.  
verifiable:Did Barack Obama hold 100-plus fundraisers while his jobs council never met?
verifiable:Says it's not "accidental" that the villain in the Batman movie is named Bane.  
verifiable:Rush Limbaugh claims link between Batman’s Bane and Romney’s Bain
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney’s carried interest income was a tax "trick."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says Mitt Romney received carried interest, a tax 'trick'
verifiable:   "When I was governor, not only did test scores improve – we also narrowed the achievement gap."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says achievement gap in Massachusetts improved on his watch
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney had millions in the Cayman Islands, a tax haven.  
verifiable:Obama ad says Romney stashed money in Cayman Islands
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney "had millions in a Swiss bank account."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney had millions in a Swiss bank account, Barack Obama campaign ad says
verifiable:   "If you make more than $250,000 a year … you only really take home about $125,000."  
verifiable:Steve Doocy says someone earning $250,000 pays half that in taxes
verifiable:   "Mitt Romney's companies were pioneers in outsourcing U.S. jobs to low-wage countries."  
verifiable:Were Romney's companies 'pioneers in outsourcing' ?
verifiable:   "83% of doctors have considered leaving the profession because of #Obamacare."  
verifiable:GOP lawmaker Jeff Duncan repeats survey finding that 83 percent of doctors are considering quitting due to Obamacare
verifiable:   "For his first interview as president, Barack Obama chose Arab TV for an apology."  
verifiable:Ad says Obama apologized, showed weakness on Iran
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney "has a corporation in Bermuda (but) failed to disclose that on seven different financial disclosures."  
verifiable:Democrats say Mitt Romney failed to disclose offshore company in Bermuda
verifiable:   Montana Democratic Sen. Jon Tester is "the largest recipient of lobbyist money."  
verifiable:Americans for Prosperity says Jon Tester ranked first in lobbyist donations in the Senate
verifiable:   "75 percent of the Obamacare tax falls on the middle class."  
verifiable:Facebook post says “75 percent of the Obamacare tax falls on the middle class”
verifiable:   " ‘Obamacare’ puts the federal government between you and your doctor."  
verifiable:Health law puts government in between patients and doctors, Mitt Romney says
verifiable:Under the health care law, "everybody will have lower rates, better quality care and better access."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says 'everybody' will get more and pay less under the health care law
verifiable:   The Supreme Court said the individual mandate "is a tax. So it's a tax."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says health care law's penalty is a tax
verifiable:   The United States has "the best health care delivery system in the world."  
verifiable:John Boehner says U.S. health care system is best in world
verifiable:   "In 1950, corporations paid $3 in taxes for every $1 by a worker. Today, they pay 22 cents for every $1 by a worker."  
verifiable:Facebook post compares corporate, individual tax burden in 1950, today
verifiable:   Says Dow Chemical decided to build a plant in Saudi Arabia rather than Oklahoma due to the impact of environmental regulations on the supply of natural gas.  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Dow Chemical chose Saudi Arabia over Oklahoma for plant
verifiable:   "If you're one of the more than 250 million Americans who already have health insurance, you will keep your health insurance."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says that under his health care law, those who have health insurance will keep it
verifiable:   "Obamacare … means that for up to 20 million Americans, they will lose the insurance they currently have, the insurance that they like and they want to keep."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says "Obamacare" means up to 20 million Americans will lose insurance they like and want
verifiable:"Obamacare adds trillions to our deficits and to our national debt."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says 'Obamacare' adds trillions to the deficit
verifiable:Obama "said (the individual mandate) wasn't a tax."  
verifiable:Sarah Palin says Barack Obama once said the individual mandate "wasn't a tax"
verifiable:"Obamacare is . . . the largest tax increase in the history of the world."  
verifiable:Limbaugh, GOP have it wrong: Health care law is not the largest tax increase ever
verifiable:   The DREAM Act "was written by members of both parties. When it came up for a vote a year and a half ago, Republicans in Congress blocked it. The bill hadn’t changed. ... The only thing that had changed was politics."  
verifiable:Obama says DREAM Act hasn’t changed since Republicans supported it, only politics has
verifiable:   Says "a lip-reading instructor at the River School, a Washington, D.C., school for the deaf" has determined that during 9/11 ceremonies, Michelle Obama said, "All this for a damn flag."  
verifiable:Chain email says River School lip-reading instructor confirms first lady Michelle Obama said "All this for a damn flag" at 9/11 ceremonies
verifiable:   "Gov. Romney was very clear, he would veto the DREAM Act."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney said he would veto the DREAM Act, says David Plouffe
verifiable:   "Nearly 60% of all occupants of HUD properties in U.S. are illegals."  
verifiable:Facebook post claims nearly 60 percent of public housing residents are illegal immigrants
verifiable:"Women (are) paid 77 cents on the dollar for doing the same work as men."  
verifiable:Barack Obama ad says women are paid "77 cents on the dollar for doing the same work as men"
verifiable:   "Less than 2 percent of illegals are picking crops, but 41 percent are on welfare."  
verifiable:Facebook post says "less than 2 percent of illegals are picking crops, but 41 percent are on welfare"
verifiable:   Says President Obama's new immigration plan "is amnesty."  
verifiable:Jim DeMint and other Republicans say Obama immigration plan is amnesty
verifiable:   "Vagina. Because apparently, saying that word in the Michigan State House of Representatives can get you a two-day ban from speaking on the floor."  
verifiable:Facebook post says Michigan lawmaker silenced for saying ‘vagina’
verifiable:   "More than 43 percent of all food stamps are given to illegals."  
verifiable:Facebook post says more than 43 percent of all food stamps are given to illegal immigrants
verifiable:   "When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ... (had) more debt per person than any other state in the country."  
verifiable:Barack Obama ad says Mitt Romney was No. 1 in state debt as Mass. governor
verifiable:"Romneycare covers abortion, illegal immigrants and has a public option. Obamacare does not."  
verifiable:Facebook post compares elements of Romneycare, Obamacare
verifiable:   Says Barack "Obama admits he’s coming for our guns, telling Sarah Brady, ‘We are working on (gun control), but under the radar.’ "  
verifiable:Barack Obama coming after guns, 'under the radar,' NRA says
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama is "trying to slash funding for the Armed Pilots Program designed to prevent terror attacks."  
verifiable:Barack Obama proposes major cuts to federal 'Armed Pilots Program'
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama’s regulatory adviser Cass Sunstein, "wants to ban hunting and says animals should be represented in court."  
verifiable:Obama regulatory adviser Cass Sunstein wants to ban hunting, NRA claims in mailer
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama "supported Ted Kennedy’s ammo ban to outlaw all deer-hunting ammunition."  
verifiable:Barack Obama supports plan to ban deer-hunting ammunition, NRA claims in mailer
verifiable:   "As Governor: Romney did not keep public safety funding in line with inflation."  
verifiable:Democratic SuperPAC ad blasts Romney record on funding law enforcement
verifiable:   "Romney outsourced call center jobs to India."    
verifiable:Obama ad says Romney outsourced Massachusetts jobs
verifiable:   As governor of Massachusetts, "Romney reduced unemployment to just 4.7 percent."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says he reduced Massachusetts unemployment to 4.7 percent
verifiable:   "More Hispanics have fallen into poverty under Obama."  
verifiable:Romney ad says more Hispanics are in poverty since Obama took office
verifiable:   "When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs, a rate twice the national average."  
verifiable:Barack Obama ad says manufacturing jobs fared worse in Massachusetts under Romney
verifiable:   Says Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie made a late-night visit to Kinko’s to forge President Barack Obama’s birth certificate two days before Obama unveiled it to the media.  
verifiable:Satire of Obama 'birthers,' Neil Abercrombie fools some emailers
verifiable:   "Right now, I’m polling at about 8 percent" against Barack Obama and Mitt Romney.  
verifiable:Gary Johnson tells Jon Stewart he has 8 percent support nationally
verifiable:   Massachusetts under Gov. Mitt Romney initially ranked last among states in job growth, but by the end of his governorship, "we were in the middle of the pack."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney campaign says job growth in Massachusetts accelerated as gubernatorial term went on
verifiable:   Under Gov. Mitt Romney, Massachusetts ranked "47th in job creation."  
verifiable:David Axelrod repeats claim that Massachusetts under Mitt Romney ranked 47th in job growth
verifiable:   When Mitt Romney was governor, "the fact is that the average income for a family in Massachusetts went up by $5,500."  
verifiable:Ed Gillespie says Massachusetts income grew by $5,500 under Mitt Romney
verifiable:   "When it comes to what little bit of job creation was happening in Massachusetts (when Mitt Romney was governor), it was happening in the public sector at six times the rate that it was happening in the private sector."  
verifiable:O’Malley criticizes Massachusetts job growth under Romney
verifiable:   "Only 2 percent of public high schools in the country offer PE classes."  
verifiable:Michelle Obama understates percentage of high schools with physical education
verifiable:   Says Obama broke his promise to help homeowners facing foreclosure.  
verifiable:Crossroads ad says Obama has failed to stem foreclosure crisis
verifiable:   Says under Mitt Romney, "Medicare could end as we know it, leaving Julia with nothing but a voucher to buy insurance, which means $6,350 extra per year for a similar plan."  
verifiable:Barack Obama's 'Life of Julia' says Mitt Romney would replace Medicare with ‘nothing but a voucher’
verifiable:Says Mitt Romney is wrong to claim that spending under Obama has "accelerated at a pace without precedent in recent history," because it's actually risen "slower than at any time in nearly 60 years."  
verifiable:Viral Facebook post says Barack Obama has lowest spending record of any recent president
verifiable:   When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, "we didn’t just slow the rate of growth of our government, we actually cut it."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney said he "actually cut" spending as Massachusetts governor
verifiable:   On President Barack Obama’s stimulus  
verifiable:Did Mitt Romney flip-flop on the economic stimulus?
verifiable:   On the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP)  
verifiable:Did Mitt Romney flip-flop on TARP?
verifiable:   On gun policy  
verifiable:Did Mitt Romney flip-flop on gun control?
verifiable:   On support for Ronald Reagan's policies  
verifiable:Mitt Romney once distanced himself from Ronald Reagan, but no longer
verifiable:   On signing a no-tax pledge  
verifiable:Mitt Romney rejected state tax pledge before signing national one
verifiable:   After they bought GST Steel, "Mitt Romney and his partners loaded it with debt, closed the Kansas City plant and walked away with a healthy profit, leaving hundreds of employees out of work with their pensions in jeopardy."  
verifiable:Obama ad claims Romney, Bain left misery in wake of GST Steel takeover
verifiable:   There are "49 different federal job training programs that report to eight agencies."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney said there are "49 different federal job training programs that report to eight agencies"
verifiable:   On abortion  
verifiable:Mitt Romney evolved significantly in his position on abortion
verifiable:On whether humans contribute to global warming  
verifiable:On Mitt Romney and whether humans are causing climate change
verifiable:   On support for gay marriage.  
verifiable:Mitt Romney has maintained consistent stance on same-sex marriage
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney would deny gay people the right to adopt children.  
verifiable:Obama ad says Romney opposes gay adoption
verifiable:   On support for gay marriage.  
verifiable:President Barack Obama's shifting stance on gay marriage
verifiable:   "The only time government employment has gone down during a recession has been under me."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says government job losses on his watch are unprecedented
verifiable:   Says he did not vote for Nancy Pelosi for speaker of the House.  
verifiable:Donnelly says he didn’t vote for Pelosi for Speaker
verifiable:   The Obama White House recognizes a "baby that has not been born" for security purposes.  
verifiable:Anti-abortion group says Obama White House screens unborn babies
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney "has refused to say whether he would have vetoed or signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act."  
verifiable:'Life of Julia' says Romney refused to say if he would sign equal pay law
verifiable:   Mitt Romney has "proposed cutting his own taxes while raising them on 18 million working families."  
verifiable:Obama says Romney would cut his own taxes while raising others’
verifiable:Says Mitt Romney is proposing a "tax cut that gives an average of $250,000 to every millionaire in this country."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says Mitt Romney's tax plan gives millionaires an average tax cut of $250,000
verifiable:   "We should be seeing numbers in the 500,000 jobs created per month. (Creating 115,000 jobs, the total from April 2012) is way, way, way off from what should happen in a normal recovery."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says creating 500,000 net jobs a month is historically 'normal'
verifiable:   "Under the Romney/Ryan budget, interest rates on federal student loans would be allowed to double."  
verifiable:Barack Obama's "Life of Julia" tool says Mitt Romney would allow student loan rates to double
verifiable:   Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as  "tens of millions of dollars to build traffic lights in China."  
verifiable:Ad says stimulus tax credits funded traffic lights in China
verifiable:   Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as "half a billion to an electric car company that created hundreds of jobs in Finland."  
verifiable:Ad says stimulus tax credits funded jobs in Finland
verifiable:   Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as "$1.2 billion to a solar company that's building a plant in Mexico."  
verifiable:Ad says stimulus tax credits funded a solar company building a Mexico plant
verifiable:   "After four years of a celebrity president … 85% (of recent college grads are) moving back in with their parents."  
verifiable:American Crossroads ad says 85 percent of recent college grads are moving in with Mom and Dad
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney's comments indicated he would not have pursued Osama bin Laden.  
verifiable:Obama ad says Mitt Romney's view on killing bin Laden was 'it's not worth moving heaven and earth'
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney’s top five donors are Wall Street firms, while Barack Obama’s top five are technology companies and universities.  
verifiable:Facebook post says Romney's top donors come from Wall Street, Obama's from tech and academia
verifiable:   In the "Obama economy ... the youth unemployment rate is double the unemployment rate for all Americans."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says youth unemployment rate is double what it is for all Americans
verifiable:   Under Republican economic policies, "the typical American family saw their incomes fall by about 6 percent."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says family incomes have fallen by 6 percent
verifiable:   "Bank of America could create 878,300 jobs with benefits if they spent their 2010 bonuses on job creation."  
verifiable:Facebook post says Bank of America bonuses are big enough to create 878,300 jobs
verifiable:   "The total unemployment rate for Hispanic or Latino workers has increased from 10% to 10.3%" between January 2009 and March 2012.        
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Hispanic unemployment has risen under Barack Obama
verifiable:In the past three years, "we've added enough new oil and gas pipeline to circle the Earth and then some."  
verifiable:Obama says new miles of pipeline could stretch around the earth
verifiable:   "One out of two Americans … are living either in or near poverty. That means 150 million Americans, half of us."  
verifiable:Tavis Smiley says "one out of two Americans … are living either in or near poverty"
verifiable:   "We’ve got four Supreme Court justices who … signed their name to a declaration that Americans have no fundamental right to self-defense."        
verifiable:Ted Nugent says four justices declared Americans have 'no fundamental right to self-defense'
verifiable:   "President Obama's suggested reduction in spending for next year: $0."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama's "suggested reduction in spending for next year" is zero
verifiable:   "In 1993 the Republicans embraced a health platform that proudly features an individual mandate as its main component."  
verifiable:Facebook post says Republicans embraced individual mandate in 1993
verifiable:   "We've brought trade cases against China at nearly twice the rate as the last administration."  
verifiable:President Barack Obama says his administration has nearly doubled rate of China trade cases
verifiable:   "By the time I finish this speech, two Americans will be slain, six women will be raped, 27 of us will be robbed, and 50 more will be beaten."  
verifiable:NRA's Wayne LaPierre cites frequency of violent crime in discussion of Trayvon Martin case
verifiable:   "The bulk of the people who are shot with a weapon — other than these drug gangs taking on one another — end up being shot with their own weapon."  
verifiable:Biden says most shootings happen with victim’s own gun
verifiable:   The 30 percent tax rate called for under President Barack Obama’s proposed Buffett Rule "is lower than the prescribed tax rate for millionaires already -- not just for millionaires, for people making over $200,000."  
verifiable:Joe Biden says people earning $200,000 already pay 30 percent tax rate
verifiable:   Says oil "production's down where Obama's in charge."  
verifiable:Crossroads GPS ad says oil production on federal lands dropped under President Barack Obama
verifiable:   "What president has the worst record on female labor force participation? Barack Obama."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney chart claims Barack Obama has 'the worst record on female labor force participation'
verifiable:   "Women account for 92.3 percent of the jobs lost under Obama."  
verifiable:Romney campaign says women were hit hard by job losses under Obama
verifiable:   President Barack Obama "has doubled the size of government since he took office."  
verifiable:Paul Ryan says Barack Obama 'has doubled the size of government since he took office'
verifiable:"Why was there no news coverage of this raid on the Arizona border? … Seizure was just five days ago. Right on the Arizona border!"  
verifiable:Chain email says media ignored recent 'raid on the Arizona border'
verifiable:   "General Motors is the largest corporation in the world again."  
verifiable:Vice President Joe Biden says, 'General Motors is the largest corporation in the world'
verifiable:   Under the House Republican budget, "if these cuts were to be spread out evenly … the year after next, nearly 10 million college students would see their financial aid cut by an average of more than $1,000 each."  
verifiable:President Barack Obama says GOP budget cuts financial aid to college students
verifiable:   Says Obama has failed to pass a budget.  
verifiable:Romney says Obama failed to pass a budget
verifiable:   "Republicans in Congress refuse to list a single tax loophole they are willing to close."  
verifiable:Obama says Republicans in Congress won't name one tax exemption they want to repeal
verifiable:   Says Ronald Reagan "understood repeatedly that when the deficit started to get out of control, that for him to make a deal he would have to propose both spending cuts and tax increases."  
verifiable:Ronald Reagan understood "to make a deal he would have to propose both spending cuts and tax increases," said Obama
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama "is the only president to ever cut $500 billion from Medicare."  
verifiable:Romney: Obama 'only president' to cut Medicare
verifiable:   If the Supreme Court throws out the federal health care law, it "would be an unprecedented, extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress."  
verifiable:Obama attaches stark terms to possible Supreme Court ruling on health care law
verifiable:   "I think it’s seven or eight of the California system of universities don’t even teach an American history course. It’s not even available to be taught."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says seven or eight Calif. universities 'don't even teach' American history
verifiable:   "Obama opposed exploring for energy in Alaska."  
verifiable:Energy group says Obama objects to energy exploration in Alaska
verifiable:   Last year, "Exxon pocketed nearly $4.7 million every hour."  
verifiable:President Barack Obama says, "Exxon pocketed nearly $4.7 million every hour"
verifiable:   A bill that could restrict free speech when the president is nearby was signed by President Barack Obama "in secret."  
verifiable:Andrew Napolitano and chain email say Barack Obama signed controversial law "in secret"
verifiable:   "Polls show Americans are overwhelmingly opposed to Obamacare, especially the individual mandate."  
verifiable:Santorum says Americans 'overwhelmingly' oppose health law, mandate
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney said "we are going to have to live with high gas prices, it's a good thing because it will reduce consumption, we don't want to produce any more gasoline."  
verifiable:Santorum accuses Romney of favoring high gas prices in Massachusetts
verifiable:   "Up to 80 percent of small businesses will be forced to give up their current plans due to new Obamacare regulations."  
verifiable:Senate Republican web video says Obama's health care law 'forces' businesses to give up plans
verifiable:   President Barack Obama "reduced the cost of prescription drugs for nearly 3.6 million Americans in 2011."  
verifiable:Obama ad claims credit for cheaper prescription drugs
verifiable:   Says that while President Barack Obama promised to "work with your employer to lower your premiums by $2,500 per family per year," his health care law "raises premiums in the individual market by $2,100 per family."  
verifiable:Senate Republican web video attacks Barack Obama, saying he increased health care premiums
verifiable:   According to the Congressional Budget Office, "as many as 20 million Americans could lose their employer-based insurance thanks to Obamacare."  
verifiable:Reince Priebus says health care law could mean 'as many as 20 million Americans could lose their employer-based insurance'
verifiable:   Says Romney flip-flopped on abortion.  
verifiable:PAC ad sketches Romney as abortion flip-flopper
verifiable:   President Barack Obama is "ending Medicare as we know it."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama is “ending Medicare as we know it.”
verifiable:   The administration has issued rules for "$1 abortions in ObamaCare" and "requires all persons enrolled in insurance plans that include elective abortion coverage to pay" an abortion premium.  
verifiable:Does Barack Obama's health care bill include $1 abortions?
verifiable:   "(GM and Chrysler) repaid their loans."  
verifiable:President Barack Obama campaign video says auto companies 'repaid their loans'
verifiable:   "Did you know ObamaCare will cost nearly twice as much as initially expected -- $1.8 TRILLION?"  
verifiable:Ted Cruz says health reform’s price tag has doubled
verifiable:   Despite President Barack Obama's promise to cut healthcare costs, "the average cost of a family policy is up $1,300."  
verifiable:RNC ad blames Obama for $1,300 spike in family health care premiums
verifiable:   Because of the new health care law, "Americans no longer will see their coverage dropped or capped when illness strikes."  
verifiable:Film promoting Barack Obama claims new law ensures Americans will 'no longer will see their coverage dropped or capped when illness strikes'
verifiable:   By the time Obama took office, "The Bush administration had given the car companies $13 billion and the money was now gone."  
verifiable:Obama campaign movie says auto bailout money had run out when he took office
verifiable:   Because of the new health care law, "17 million kids can no longer be denied for a pre-existing condition."  
verifiable:Barack Obama film says health care law aided 17 million kids with pre-existing conditions
verifiable:   Because of the new health care law, "2.5 million young adults now have coverage."  
verifiable:Barack Obama film touts coverage for 2.5 million young Americans
verifiable:Obama's secretary of energy, Dr. Steven Chu, "has said publicly he wants us to pay European levels (for gasoline), and that would be $9 or $10 a gallon."  
verifiable:Gingrich said energy secretary advocated raising gas prices
verifiable:   President Barack Obama’s policies have forced "many parts of the country to experience rolling blackouts."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says 'many parts of the country ... experience rolling blackouts'
verifiable:   "It costs about $40,000 a year for a homeless person to be on the streets."  
verifiable:HUD secretary says a homeless person costs taxpayers $40,000 a year
verifiable:   After President Barack Obama’s health care law takes full effect, "100 percent" of Americans will "depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says after 'Obamacare,' all Americans will be dependent on the federal government
verifiable:   "A little less than 50 percent of the people in this country depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says almost half of Americans receive federal benefits
verifiable:   "Tonight in Ohio, more people came out to vote for Barack Obama in an unopposed race than voted for (Mitt) Romney and (Rick) Santorum combined."  
verifiable:David Axelrod says Barack Obama won more Ohio votes than Mitt Romney, Rick Santorum combined
verifiable:   Ronald Reagan’s philosophy of "peace through strength" is why "the Iranians released the hostages on the same day and at the same hour that Reagan was sworn in."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says the Iranians released hostages in 1981 because they feared Ronald Reagan's approach to foreign policy
verifiable:   "If you look up the dictionary definition of happiness at the time of our founders … happiness was not doing what you want to do but doing what you ought to do."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says happiness 'at the time of our founders' was 'doing what you ought to do'
verifiable:   Says the federal government "tells health insurance companies how much money they're allowed to keep of what they receive in revenues -- 15 percent."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says government lets health insurers keep only 15 percent of their revenue
verifiable:   "When my grandfather came to this country back in 1925, there were no government benefits."        
verifiable:Santorum says when his grandfather came to the U.S. in 1925, 'there were no government benefits'
verifiable:   Says in the 2012 State of the Union address, President Obama "didn't even mention the deficit or debt."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says president ignored debt problems in State of the Union
verifiable:   Mitt Romney "left Massachusetts $1 billion in debt."  
verifiable:Ad accuses Mitt Romney of leaving 'Massachusetts $1 billion dollars in debt'
verifiable:   "Gingrich supported individual health insurance mandates."  
verifiable:Pro-Santorum super PAC ad says Gingrich supported individual mandates
verifiable:   "Under President Obama, U.S. security funding for Israel is at an all-time high."  
verifiable:DNC ad says that 'under President Obama, U.S. security funding for Israel is at an all-time high
verifiable:   Says Rick Santorum "funded Planned Parenthood."  
verifiable:Ron Paul ad claims Rick Santorum funded Planned Parenthood
verifiable:   Says Rick Santorum "opposes right-to-work"  
verifiable:Ron Paul says Rick Santorum 'opposes right-to-work'
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney said he does not "line up with the NRA."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum ad quotes Mitt Romney distancing himself from NRA
verifiable:   "Since President Obama took full control of Washington," every day, 13,000 more people "have been put on food stamps."  
verifiable:NRCC ad blames Barack Obama for food stamp use rising by 13,000 a day
verifiable:   Says "Rick Santorum supported (Arlen) Specter over conservative candidates twice."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney ad says Rick Santorum endorsed Arlen Specter twice
verifiable:   "Since President Obama took full control of Washington … every single day, more than 1,500 of our jobs have been lost."  
verifiable:NRCC ad says 1,500 jobs lost daily since President Barack Obama took office
verifiable:   "President Obama once said he wants everybody in America to go to college."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum calls Barack Obama a 'snob' for wanting 'everybody in America to go to college'
verifiable:   "Amniocentesis, does, in fact, result more often than not in this country in abortion."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says, 'Amniocentesis does, in fact, result more often than not ... in abortion'
verifiable:   "The president gave the (auto) companies to the UAW."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Obama gave away car companies to union
verifiable:   After prenatal diagnosis, "90 percent of Down syndrome children in America are aborted."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says "90 percent of Down syndrome children in America are aborted"
verifiable:One estimate says there may be "three times as much oil in the United States as there is in Saudi Arabia."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says U.S. may have 'three times as much oil' as Saudi Arabia
verifiable:   "Over 40 percent of children born in America are born out of wedlock."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says over 40 percent of children are born out of wedlock
verifiable:   "This president ... could have gotten crippling sanctions against Iran. He did not."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama 'could have gotten crippling sanctions against Iran. He did not.'
verifiable:   "When I was born, less than 10 percent of the federal budget was entitlement spending. It's now 60 percent of the budget."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum charts explosion of federal entitlement spending since 1958
verifiable:   "When I was born, defense spending was 60 percent of the budget. It's now 17 percent."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says defense spending has fallen since 1958 as percent of federal budget
verifiable:   Says in the last 20 years, the French have not "stood by" the United States on foreign policy.  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says you can’t “name one time in the last 20 years that the French stood by us with anything”
verifiable:Says Mitt Romney supports cap and trade.  
verifiable:Rick Santorum ad says Mitt Romney favors cap and trade
verifiable:   "Romney adviser admits Romneycare was blueprint for Obamacare."  
verifiable:In "Rombo" ad, Rick Santorum says Mitt Romney adviser equated Massachusetts health care law with Obama's
verifiable:   "Obamacare (hit) Americans with over $500 billion in new taxes."  
verifiable:Chamber of Commerce ad says 'Obamacare (hit) Americans with over $500 billion in new taxes'
verifiable:   "Obamacare ... will kill jobs across America."  
verifiable:U.S. Chamber of Commerce ad attacking Tim Kaine says health care law 'will kill jobs across America'
verifiable:   Says the Congressional Budget Office said "unemployment could top 9 percent in 2013"  
verifiable:Citing Congressional Budget Office, chamber ad says unemployment could exceed 9 percent
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama "endorsed a total ban on the manufacture, sale and possession of all handguns."  
verifiable:NRA leader says Barack Obama endorsed a 'total ban' on handguns
verifiable:   "You can't pass a budget in the Senate of the United States without 60 votes."  
verifiable:White House Chief of Staff Jack Lew says budget requires 60 votes in Senate
verifiable:   "Preventive care … saves money, for families, for businesses, for government, for everybody."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says preventive care 'saves money'
verifiable:   President Obama told people "to skip coming here (Las Vegas) for conventions and meetings."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says president told people to skip Vegas conventions
verifiable:   "President Obama is shrinking our military."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama is "shrinking our military"
verifiable:   "Three years ago, a newly elected President Obama told America that if Congress approved his plan to borrow nearly a trillion dollars, he would hold unemployment below 8 percent."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says president promised peak of 8 percent unemployment
verifiable:   "If you take into account all the people who are struggling for work, or have just stopped looking, the real unemployment rate is over 15 percent."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says a broader measure of national unemployment exceeds 15 percent
verifiable:   On fundraising for super PACs  
verifiable:Obama campaign says officials will now appear at super PAC fundraisers
verifiable:Says President Barack Obama "has an Environmental Protection Agency proposal that would raise the price of gasoline by 25 cents a gallon."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says EPA plans to boost gas prices 25 cents per gallon
verifiable:   Newt Gingrich "was fined $300,000 for ethics violations."  
verifiable:Did Newt Gingrich pay a $300,000 ethics fine back in the 1990s?
verifiable:   "Most women, including 98 percent of Catholic women, have used contraception."  
verifiable:White House official says 98 percent of Catholic women have used contraception
verifiable:   "Since ObamaCare and the stimulus passed, the unemployment rate in the U.S. has increased."  
verifiable:In "Debbie-Spend-It-Now" ad, Pete Hoekstra errs on unemployment rate statistic
verifiable:   "Gov. Romney cut off kosher meals for Jewish senior citizens who were on Medicaid to save $5 a day."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says Mitt Romney cut off Jewish nursing home residents' kosher food
verifiable:"The Obama administration ... would impose on every Catholic institution, every Jewish institution, every Protestant institution the Obamacare standard of what you have to buy as insurance."   
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says government would impose 'Obamacare' standards on religious institutions
verifiable:In July 1996, Mitt Romney helped locate the missing teenage daughter of a partner at Bain Capital.  
verifiable:Viral Internet story says Mitt Romney helped locate missing teen daughter of Bain Capital partner
verifiable:Students today "take more years to get through" college.  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says students today 'take more years to get through' college
verifiable:   "In 2006, I went out and authored a letter with 24 other senators asking for major reform of Freddie and Fannie, warning of a meltdown and a bubble in the housing market."  
verifiable:Sen. Rick Santorum says he warned 'of a meltdown and a bubble in the housing market'
verifiable:   "I've never voted for a Democrat when there was a Republican on the ballot."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says, 'I've never voted for a Democrat when there was a Republican on the ballot'
verifiable:   "Romneycare … is a top-down, government-run health care system."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum calls Massachusetts health law top-down and government-run
verifiable:"We balanced the budget with the 1997 Balanced Budget Act, and ultimately had four consecutive balanced budgets."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich revises claim on balanced budgets, improves Truth-O-Meter rating
verifiable:Republican-leaning states get more in federal dollars than they pay in taxes.  
verifiable:'Red State Socialism' graphic says GOP-leaning states get lion's share of federal dollars
verifiable:   Says Steve Jobs was responsible for creating more jobs than the stimulus bill.  
verifiable:Mitch Daniels says Steve Jobs created more jobs than the stimulus
verifiable:   "Nearly half of all persons under 30 did not go to work today."  
verifiable:Mitch Daniels says 'nearly half of all persons under 30 did not go to work today'
verifiable:   "(Newt Gingrich) voted in favor of establishing the Department of Education, and yet he gets in a debate and says we should get rid of the Department of Education and send all the education issues back to the states."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Newt Gingrich wanted Education Department, then didn't
verifiable:   "In the last 22 months, businesses have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005."  
verifiable:Have private-sector jobs grown by 3 million in 22 months, with the best annual totals since 2005?
verifiable:   "(After the auto bailout) General Motors is back on top as the world’s No. 1 automaker."  
verifiable:President Barack Obama says that after bailout, GM is now the world's top automaker
verifiable:   "Right now, American oil production is the highest that it’s been in eight years."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. oil production is at eight-year high
verifiable:   Says he eliminated an EPA rule that treated spilled milk like it was oil.  
verifiable:Barack Obama says he eliminated EPA rule treating spilled milk like it was oil
verifiable:   "The median income in this country has declined 10 percent in the last four years."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says U.S. median income has declined 10 percent in the last four years
verifiable:   Florida's economy "became a bad economy ... because of a huge spike in oil prices in the summer of 2008."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says a 2008 spike in oil prices caused Florida's economy to falter
verifiable:   "Speaker Gingrich for 20 years supported a federal individual mandate" for health insurance.  
verifiable:Rick Santorum calls Newt Gingrich a longtime supporter of insurance mandate
verifiable:   "We have 25 million Americans out of work."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says there are “25 million Americans out of work”
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says electric co-ops and credit unions are "government-sponsored enterprises" like Freddie Mac.  
verifiable:Gingrich repeats claim that Freddie Mac, credit unions are ‘government-sponsored enterprises’
verifiable:"When I was speaker, we had four consecutive balanced budgets."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich repeats claim that he balanced the federal budget four times as speaker
verifiable:   "I didn't inherit money from my parents."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says he didn't inherit money from his parents
verifiable:   President Obama has "said he is going to cut veterans' benefits."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says President Barack Obama wants to cut veterans’ benefits
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney "put Planned Parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board."  
verifiable:Gingrich ad says Mitt Romney appointed Planned Parenthood to a medical board but not an anti-abortion group
verifiable:   "Romney signed government-mandated health care with taxpayer-funded abortions."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich ad says Mitt Romney enacted taxpayer-funded abortions
verifiable:   Says an Obama administration policy prohibits people who work with at-risk youth from promoting marriage as a way to avoid poverty.  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says Obama prohibits encouraging young people to marry
verifiable:   Says PolitiFact has said he "kept a campaign promise to toughen ethics rules."   
verifiable:Barack Obama says he 'kept a campaign promise to toughen ethics rules'
verifiable:   "In campaigns in the past with Sen. McCain and President George W. Bush and others, they have tended to release tax records in April."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says presidential candidates tend to release tax records in April
verifiable:The U.S. military is at risk of losing its "military superiority" because "our Navy is smaller than it's been since 1917. Our Air Force is smaller and older than any time since 1947."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says U.S. Navy is smallest since 1917, Air Force is smallest since 1947
verifiable:"More people have been put on food stamps by Barack Obama than any president in American history."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says Obama put more people on food stamps than any other U.S. President
verifiable:   "More Americans have lost their jobs under Barack Obama than any president in modern history."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney tweets that “more Americans have lost their jobs under Barack Obama than any president in modern history”
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney "runs away from Ronald Reagan."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich ad says Mitt Romney 'runs away from Ronald Reagan'
verifiable:   Mitt Romney is worth "at least a quarter billion dollars" and the bulk of his wealth "remains in blind trusts and overseas bank accounts."  
verifiable:King of Bain video accuses Romney of hiding his fortune
verifiable:   Says Romney and Bain Capital drove KB Toys into bankruptcy by loading it up with debt.  
verifiable:Video blames Bain Capital for demise of KB Toys
verifiable:   Mitt Romney’s and Bain Capital’s profits from KB Toys, which later went out of business, were "described by the Boston Herald as ‘disgusting.’"  
verifiable:'King of Bain' video says Boston Herald called Bain profits from KB Toys deal 'disgusting'
verifiable:   Mitt Romney is "tearing down his 3,000-square-foot house to build an 11,000-square-foot house."  
verifiable:Video says Mitt Romney is planning to quadruple size of his house
verifiable:   Mitt Romney has 15 homes.  
verifiable:Does Mitt Romney have 15 homes? Woman in Winning Our Future video says he does
verifiable:   "Mitt Romney, Rick Perry, and Newt Gingrich all say they would cut foreign aid to Israel — and every other country — to zero."  
verifiable:Barack Obama campaign says Romney, Perry, Gingrich would cut aid to Israel to zero
verifiable:   "What’s clear is (Romney) likes firing people."  
verifiable:Jon Huntsman accuses Mitt Romney of enjoying firing people
verifiable:   "President Obama has raised taxes 19 times."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama has raised taxes 19 times
verifiable:   "You can hire lots of bureaucrats.  That’s what the president’s done.  He’s added 135,000 people to the government workforce."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Obama hired 135,000 bureaucrats
verifiable:   As a result of welfare reform, "poverty levels went down to the lowest level ever for ... African-American children."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says welfare reform deserves credit for reductions in African-American child poverty
verifiable:   Says President Barack Obama "is a socialist."  
verifiable:Rick Perry says Barack Obama is a socialist
verifiable:   The EPA was asked about an environmental citation for the city landfill in Nashua, N.H. but "didn’t know" why it was cited.  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says that EPA didn't know why it cited a New Hampshire dump
verifiable:   Says President Barack Obama has opened up no new trade relationships with other nations.  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama didn't expand U.S. trade deals
verifiable:   Paul Ryan’s Medicare plan provides "pretty much" the same coverage that members of Congress receive.  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says Republicans’ Medicare plan would give seniors same benefits that Congress members receive
verifiable:   Says the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction proposal went from President Barack Obama's desk to "the garbage can."  
verifiable:Jon Huntsman says President Barack Obama threw deficit reduction plan 'in the garbage can'
verifiable:   "We're only inches away from no longer being a free economy."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney, once again, says U.S. is 'inches away from no longer being a free economy'
verifiable:   "I delivered a flat tax for my state. I took my state to No. 1 in job creation. With all due respect to what Rick Perry has said about Texas, we did a little bit better."  
verifiable:Huntsman repeats claim that he signed a flat tax, led nation in job creation as Utah governor
verifiable:   Eliminating "Obamacare" ... "saves $95 billion a year."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney repeats claim that repealing health law saves $95 billion a year
verifiable:   "Our income, our GDP per capita, is almost 50 percent higher than (it is for) the average European."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says U.S. income is almost 50 percent higher than in Europe
verifiable:   Says he "helped save" the Olympic games.  
verifiable:How important was Romney in fixing troubled Salt Lake Olympic games?
verifiable:   President Barack Obama "put in place historic fuel efficiency standards for cars and trucks to lower costs at the pump and reduce dependence on foreign oil."  
verifiable:Ad says President Barack Obama put in place 'historic fuel efficiency standards'
verifiable:   Says he lived up to a 2008 promise when he "closed corporate tax loopholes that were sending profits overseas."  
verifiable:Barack Obama reelection video says he “closed corporate tax loopholes that were sending profits overseas"
verifiable:   Says the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it couldn’t build a factory in South Carolina because South Carolina is a right-to-work state.  
verifiable:Mitt Romney ad says labor board tried to block Boeing from building factory in South Carolina
verifiable:   Rick Santorum "reformed welfare."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum ad claims he reformed welfare
verifiable:   "We don't take a dime from D.C. lobbyists or special-interest PACs -- never have and never will."  
verifiable:Barack Obama's campaign says it doesn't accept lobbyist donations
verifiable:   "Santorum also voted for a teapot museum in North Carolina."  
verifiable:Rick Perry says Rick Santorum voted for a teapot museum
verifiable:   Says he has "been able to attract independents and Democrats to win" elections in Pennsylvania.  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says he's won votes of Democrats, independents in Pennsylvania
verifiable:   "Newt balanced the federal budget."  
verifiable:Ad credits Newt Gingrich with balancing the budget
verifiable:   "Fifty percent of Speaker Gingrich’s tax plan goes to the top 1 percent."  
verifiable:Obama campaign says half of the benefit from Newt Gingrich's tax plan goes to top 1 percent
verifiable:   Says Newt Gingrich "supports amnesty for illegal immigrants."  
verifiable:Pro-Romney super PAC says New Gingrich supports amnesty for illegal immigrants
verifiable:   "As speaker, Gingrich even supported taxpayer funding of some abortions."  
verifiable:Ad claims Newt Gingrich favored federal funding for some abortions
verifiable:"No federal official at any level is currently allowed to say ‘Merry Christmas.’"  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says no federal official is allowed to say "Merry Christmas"
verifiable:Newt Gingrich "teamed with Nancy Pelosi and Al Gore on global warming."  
verifiable:Attack ad says Newt Gingrich aligned with Dems on global warming
verifiable:In a watershed 1958 decision, "the Warren court asserted by itself that the Supreme Court was supreme over the president and the Congress."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says Supreme Court crossed major threshold with 1958 case
verifiable:   Says Freddie Mac, electric co-ops and credit unions are all "government sponsored" enterprises.  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says Freddie Mac, electric co-ops and credit unions are similar organizations
verifiable:   Says President Obama "helped more than half a million veterans and military family members go to college through the Post-9/11 G.I. Bill."  
verifiable:Michelle Obama credits president for new G.I. Bill
verifiable:   Says Newt Gingrich "made an affirmative statement that he would not only support but he would campaign for Republicans who were in support of the barbaric procedure known as partial-birth abortion."  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann claims Newt Gingrich promised support for abortion proponents
verifiable:   "We’re $15 trillion now in debt, with a president that’s racked up as much debt as almost all of the other presidents combined."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Obama has "racked up as much debt as almost all of the other presidents combined."
verifiable:"I never lobbied under any circumstance" for Freddie Mac.  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich said he never lobbied for Freddie Mac 'under any circumstance'
verifiable:   "Traditionally, presidential candidates release their tax returns . . . Mitt Romney still won’t."  
verifiable:DNC says presidential candidates usually release tax returns but Romney won't
verifiable:   "In this country … we have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil."  
verifiable:Jon Huntsman says U.S. natural gas in greater supply than Saudi Arabian oil
verifiable:"I balanced the budget for four straight years, paid off $405 billion in debt."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich repeats claim about his record of balancing budget, reducing debt
verifiable:   "After the debate that we had last week, PolitiFact came out and said that everything I said was true."  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says "PolitiFact came out and said that everything I said was true" in last debate
verifiable:"The Obama administration just issued instructions that terrorism training should not involve any reference to Islam."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says the Obama administration instructed terrorism training to not mention Islam
verifiable:   "Speaker Gingrich has said that we ought to get rid of our child labor laws."  
verifiable:Romney: Gingrich wants to scrap child labor laws
verifiable:   "You look at defense … we're spending more than the rest of the world combined."  
verifiable:Jon Huntsman says the U.S. spends more than all other countries combined on defense
verifiable:   "Only one president has ever cut Medicare for seniors in this country . . . Barack Obama."  
verifiable:Romney says only Obama has cut Medicare
verifiable:   In New York City, "an entry level janitor gets paid twice as much as an entry level teacher."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says that in New York City, starting janitor is paid twice as much as a starting teacher
verifiable:   Newt Gingrich "has suggested" building "a mirror system in space" could improve the Earth’s habitability.  
verifiable:David Brooks says Newt Gingrich once proposed putting mirrors in space
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney, as governor of Massachusetts, "put into place socialized medicine."  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says former Mass. Gov. Mitt Romney 'put into place socialized medicine' 
verifiable:   Says the paperback edition of Mitt Romney's book deleted line that Massachusetts' individual mandate "should be the model for the country"  
verifiable:Rick Perry says Mitt Romney's book deleted line that Mass. health care law "should be the model for the country" 
verifiable:   In 1993, Newt Gingrich "first advocated for the individual mandate in health care. And as recently as May of this year, he was still advocating" for it.  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says Newt Gingrich backed individual mandate in 1993, 2011
verifiable:   "The Fed created $15 trillion in the bailout process" and $5 trillion went overseas.  
verifiable:Did the Fed create $15 trillion during the bailout and send $5 trillion overseas?
verifiable:   "Some billionaires have a tax rate as low as 1 percent."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says that “some billionaires have a tax rate as low as 1 percent”
verifiable:   "We have more natural gas in this country than Saudi Arabia has oil."  
verifiable:Jon Huntsman says U.S. has more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil
verifiable:Says the congressional ethics investigation against him was conducted by "a very partisan political committee" in a way that "related more to the politics of the Democratic Party than to ethics."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich blasts 1990s ethics investigation of him, calling it partisan
verifiable:"I never favored cap and trade."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich claims he 'never favored cap and trade'
verifiable:"The only reason the unemployment rate is going down is because … twice as many people dropped out of the employment pool as the number of jobs were created."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says unemployment only dropped because of people who stopped looking for work
verifiable:President Barack Obama "has now spent three years proving that he kills jobs in energy, he kills jobs in manufacturing."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says Barack Obama has killed jobs in energy, manufacturing
verifiable:   Says Newt Gingrich is responsible for the gridlocked politics of Washington.  
verifiable:David Axelrod calls Newt Gingrich 'the godfather of gridlock'
verifiable:   Says he followed state law and the precedent of other Massachusetts governors when he erased electronic communications as he left office.  
verifiable:Romney says he followed the law and precedent in deleting e-mails
verifiable:   The balanced-budget amendment once came within one vote of passing Congress but was defeated because of the no vote from a top Senate Republican, and Rick Santorum says he "stood up and called for him to resign his chairmanship."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says he called for resignation of a high-ranking Republican over no vote on balanced budget amendment
verifiable:   In Iraq, "violence is down to an all-time low" since the start of the war.  
verifiable:Joe Biden says Iraq violence 'is down to an all-time low' since start of war
verifiable:   Newt Gingrich’s immigration plan offers "a new doorway to amnesty."  
verifiable:Does Newt Gingrich support amnesty? Mitt Romney says his plan goes there
verifiable:People can use food stamps "for anything," including "to go to Hawaii," and even millionaires can qualify.  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says you can use food stamps to get to Hawaii
verifiable:   For "the average middle-class family, your taxes today are lower than when I took office."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says taxes are lower for middle class today than when he took office
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney has changed his position on supporting the TARP program.  
verifiable:Mitt Romney changes position on TARP, DNC says
verifiable:   In Pennsylvania, President Barack Obama’s policies have increased unemployment 19 percent, led to the loss of 37,900 manufacturing jobs, and left 189,000 more people in poverty.  
verifiable:Republican National Committee Web video attacks Barack Obama's economic record in Pennsylvania
verifiable:Says Mitt Romney has said different things about whether global warming is caused by humans  
verifiable:Mitt Romney's views on climate change have changed, says DNC
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on a taxpayer protection pledge.  
verifiable:DNC ad says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on taxpayer pledge
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on his support for President Reagan’s policies.  
verifiable:DNC calls out Romney’s evolving affection for Reagan
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on an assault weapons ban.  
verifiable:DNC ad accuses Mitt Romney of flip-flopping on assault-weapons ban
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney once supported President Obama’s health care plan but now opposes it.  
verifiable:Did Mitt Romney flip-flop on health care reform? DNC says so
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on supporting "the president's Recovery Act."  
verifiable:DNC ad says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on Obama stimulus
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.  
verifiable:DNC ad says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion
verifiable:   In Chile "they have 72 percent of the GDP in savings."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says Chile has 72 percent national savings rate
verifiable:"We have, right now, Hezbollah, which is working throughout Latin America, in Venezuela, in Mexico, throughout Latin America, which poses a very significant and imminent threat to the United States of America."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Hezbollah in Latin America poses an imminent threat to the United States 
verifiable:   Says Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that "if he has a nuclear weapon he will use it to wipe Israel off the face of the earth. He will use it against the United States of America."  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says Iran has threatened to launch nuclear attack against Israel, United States
verifiable:   Says Apple CEO Steve Jobs told President Obama that the company moved factories to China because it needed 30,000 engineers.  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says Steve Jobs told Obama he moved factories to China for engineers
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama said, "If we keep talking about the economy, we’re going to lose."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney ad charges Obama said, 'If we keep talking about the economy, we’re going to lose'
verifiable:   "House Republicans are ramming through legislation ... to classify pizza as a 'vegetable' for the purpose of school lunches."   
verifiable:Republican lawmakers classified pizza as a vegetable for school lunches, Democrats say
verifiable:   Says the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction proposal urged raising $2 trillion in new revenue.  
verifiable:John Kerry says Simpson-Bowles proposal raised $2 trillion in new revenues
verifiable:   1 percent of Americans are millionaires. 47 percent of House Reps. are millionaires. 56 percent of Senators are millionaires.  
verifiable:Facebook post says Congress has disproportionate share of millionaires
verifiable:"Community banks … are being destroyed by Dodd-Frank."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says Dodd-Frank is destroying community banks
verifiable:   "The median income of a middle class family went down $2,100 from 2001 to 2007."  
verifiable:Biden says middle income earners lost ground before the recession
verifiable:   The loan guarantee program that helped Solyndra "was a program that was supported by President Bush."  
verifiable:Did the program that funded the Solyndra loan start under George W. Bush? David Plouffe says so
verifiable:   "41 cents out of every dollar (the U.S. spends) is borrowed from places like China."  
verifiable:'Drug Addict' TV ad says U.S. borrows 41 cents on the dollar
verifiable:   After losing 750,000 jobs a month before this administration, the U.S. economy under Barack Obama has had 20 straight months of growth, has added 2.8 million jobs in the private sector and added "millions of jobs in manufacturing."  
verifiable:Debbie Wasserman Schultz says Obama has created "millions" of manufacturing jobs
verifiable:   Under energy efficiency legislation sponsored by U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, "federal bureaucrats could take over the local building code enforcement in your city if so-called ‘green mandates’ are not complied with quickly enough."  
verifiable:Rick Perry says federal bureaucrats will take over local building codes
verifiable:   "Torture is illegal by our laws. It's illegal by international laws."  
verifiable:Ron Paul says torture is banned under U.S., international law
verifiable:   "By 2014, there will be one administrator for every teacher on college campuses in the United States."  
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says by 2014, there will be one administrator for every teacher on college campuses
verifiable:   Solar and wind energy are "both cheaper than nuclear right now."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton says wind, solar are already cheaper than nuclear energy
verifiable:   In April 2009 "the Democrats were in control, and the congressional (approval) rating was 40 percent."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi tells Jon Stewart congressional approval rating was 40 percent in April 2009
verifiable:   "By 2015, we will be sending so much interest" to China that "we will be paying for the entire People's Liberation Army."  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says U.S. will soon send enough interest to China to pay for their military
verifiable:   "Over half of the people who would be taxed under (a millionaire surtax) are, in fact, small businesspeople."  
verifiable:John Boehner equates taxing millionaires with hurting small businesses
verifiable:   "The unemployment rate among (the) non-college-educated is well into the double digits in America. It's 4 percent or 5 percent for people who have college degrees."  
verifiable:Rick Santorum says unemployment for college grads is 4 to 5 percent but for non-college-educated it's well into double digits
verifiable:Under President Barack Obama, "more Americans are in poverty ... than at any time since the Census Bureau began keeping records on it over 50 years ago."  
verifiable:Gingrich says more Americans in poverty than at any time since the statistic was first calculated
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney "is committed to overturning Roe vs. Wade, and he supports such amendments that define a life as beginning at the moment of conception."  
verifiable:Debbie Wasserman Schultz says Mitt Romney supports personhood amendments, wants to overturn Roe vs. Wade
verifiable:   The United States sends "$300 billion -- half our trade deficit -- overseas for oil to unstable and unfriendly regimes."  
verifiable:Jon Hunstman says U.S. is sending oil dollars to "unstable and unfriendly regimes"
verifiable:   "We spend half a trillion dollars a year in tax preparation."  
verifiable:Rick Perry says taxpayers spend half a trillion dollars a year on tax preparation
verifiable:   Repealing the health care law "would save $95 billion in 2016."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney said repealing 'Obamacare' would save $95 billion in 2016
verifiable:   "Thirty million Americans, including a lot of people in Florida, are going to be able to get healthcare next year because of that law."  
verifiable:Obama says health law will kick in for millions next year
verifiable:   In Libya, "America spent $2 billion total and didn’t lose a single life."  
verifiable:Biden calls Libya a job well done
verifiable:   "Because of Barack Obama the mission in Iraq ended."  
verifiable:Ad says Obama is reason for Iraq pullout
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on gun control.  
verifiable:Jon Huntsman accuses Mitt Romney of flip-flopping on gun control
verifiable:   "Because of Barack Obama 32 million new people will have healthcare."  
verifiable:Obama ad claims credit for millions gaining health care
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.  
verifiable:Jon Huntsman accuses Mitt Romney of flip-flopping on abortion
verifiable:   China is "trying to develop nuclear capability."  
verifiable:Herman Cain said China is trying to develop nuclear weapons
verifiable:   Says Mitt Romney’s housing policy is, "Don’t try and stop the foreclosure process. Let it run its course and hit the bottom."
verifiable:An ad claims Mitt Romney's housing policy is to let foreclosures "hit the bottom."
verifiable:   "I made a bunch of these promises during the campaign. ... We've got about 60 percent done in three years."
verifiable:Barack Obama says 60 percent of his promises are 'done'
verifiable:   "Under Barack Obama's watch, we have expended $805 billion to liberate the people of Iraq and, more importantly, 4,400 American lives."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says U.S. spent $805 billion in Iraq, lost 4,400 lives under Barack Obama's watch 
verifiable:"A recent Department of Labor study guessed Wall Street fees cost a worker 28 percent of the value of your plan over the span of your career."  
verifiable:Rachel Maddow says Wall Street fees claim a third of 401(k) values
verifiable:   The departments of Commerce, Education and Energy and the EPA saw their spending increase by between 130 percent and 219 percent between 2008 and 2010.
verifiable:Supercommittee co-chair Jeb Hensarling cites huge spending increases in four agencies
verifiable:   Barack Obama is the "First President to terminate America’s ability to put a man in space."
verifiable:Chain e-mail claims Obama is first president to "terminate America’s ability to put a man in space"
verifiable:   Medicare monthly premiums will go up to $104.20 in 2012 and $247.00 in 2014 due to "provisions incorporated in the Obamacare legislation, purposely delayed so as not to 'confuse' the 2012 re-election campaigns."
verifiable:Medicare premiums going up due to “Obamacare”? Chain e-mail gets it wrong
verifiable:   "After every major conflict ... what happened was that we ultimately hollowed out the force, largely by doing deep, across-the-board cuts."  
verifiable:Leon Panetta says military has "hollowed out" after major wars
verifiable:   "In 2008, when Flint had 265 sworn officers on their police force, there were 35 murders and 91 rapes in this city. In 2010, when Flint had only 144 police officers, the murder rate climbed to 65, and rapes … climbed to 229."
verifiable:Joe Biden says murders and rapes increased in Flint, Mich., after the police force was reduced
verifiable:   Congressional Republicans have introduced dozens of bills on social issues and other topics, but "zero on job creation."  
verifiable:Blog post says GOP has sponsored "zero" job creation bills
verifiable:   Herman Cain is a "pro-choice candidate."
verifiable:Is Herman Cain 'pro-choice' on abortion?
verifiable:   Every month since 9/11, there have been as many suicide attacks against the United States and its allies as there were in all the years leading up to 9/11.
verifiable:Ron Paul says terror attacks have increased
verifiable:   "We cut property taxes by one-third in the state of Texas while I’ve been governor."
verifiable:Rick Perry says they cut property taxes by one-third in Texas
verifiable:   With recent growth "it is very clear that private-sector jobs have been doing fine."
verifiable:Harry Reid says it's 'very clear that private sector jobs have been doing fine'
verifiable:   President Obama’s uncle and aunt "are illegal aliens ...  who've been allowed to stay in this country."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann links Obama relatives to immigration policy
verifiable:   "Obamacare is so flat-out unpopular, that even the Obama administration chose to reject part of Obamacare last Friday, when they tried to throw out the CLASS Act, which is the long-term care function."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann hits Obama administration for ending long-term care program
verifiable:   "We saw the president of the United States engage American troops in a fourth conflict in a foreign land. This is historic."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says four simultaneous military deployments is 'historic'
verifiable:   "Over the last several years, 40 percent (of) the jobs created in Texas were created for illegal aliens."
verifiable:Mitt Romney hits Rick Perry, saying 40 percent of Texas job growth went to illegal immigrants
verifiable:   The 9-9-9 plan "does not raise taxes on those that are making the least."
verifiable:Herman Cain says the 9-9-9 plan does not raise taxes on those making the least
verifiable:   "I don't think I've ever hired an illegal in my life."
verifiable:Illegal immigrants did lawn care for Mitt Romney
verifiable:   "When we got the income tax in 1913, the top rate was 7 percent. By 1980, the top rate was 70 percent."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says top income tax rate rose from 7 percent in 1913 to 70 percent in 1980
verifiable:   Says Romney wrote in the first edition of his book that his health care plan should be expanded nationwide and then, "You took it out of your book."
verifiable:Rick Santorum has it wrong on Mitt Romney's book
verifiable:   Between 2000 and 2010, the illegal immigrant population of Texas increased by 60 percent, while California and Florida had "no increase."
verifiable:Mitt Romney says illegal immigrant population rose 60 percent, while California, Florida were steady
verifiable:   "The people in Massachusetts like (the state health care plan) by about a 3-1 margin."
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Massachusetts residents favor state health care law by 3-to-1 margin
verifiable:   "If a President Romney got a call from the president of the (Mormon church), he has no choice but to obey. It is obedience over family and country."
verifiable:Fred Karger says Mitt Romney would have to put loyalty to Mormon church over job as president
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama "never worked in the private sector" before he was elected president.
verifiable:Romney says Barack Obama has no private sector experience
verifiable:   The health care law was "a 2,733-page bill! . . . No amendments!"
verifiable:Pitts on health care: long, with no amendments
verifiable:   "94 percent of winning candidates in 2010 had more money than their opponents."
verifiable:Occupy Wall Street protester's sign says 94 percent of deeper-pocketed candidates win
verifiable:   Says Republicans want to cut education by 25 percent.
verifiable:Obama adviser Axelrod says Republican want deep education cuts
verifiable:   Says the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it "can't build a factory in a non-union state."
verifiable:Mitt Romney attack Barack Obama over Boeing plant question
verifiable:   "Romneycare has … killed 18,000 Massachusetts jobs."
verifiable:Rick Perry ad says 'Romneycare' cost 18,000 jobs
verifiable:   When George W. Bush was governor of Texas, "the percentage uninsured went down." Under his successor, Rick Perry, "it's gone up."
verifiable:Mitt Romney says uninsured increased under Rick Perry
verifiable:   The poverty rate for families in which a husband and a wife work is 5 percent, but in families headed by one person … "it's 30 percent today."
verifiable:Rick Santorum says two-parent families better off financially
verifiable:   "The IRS is already planning on 19,500 new employees to administer" Obama’s health care mandate.
verifiable:Jon Huntsman says the IRS will hire 19,500 new workers because of health care mandate
verifiable:   "Every worker pays 15.3 percent payroll tax."
verifiable:Herman Cain said workers now pay 15.3 percent in payroll taxes
verifiable:   Massachusetts has "less than 1 percent of our kids that are uninsured. You (Gov. Perry) have a million kids uninsured in Texas."
verifiable:Mitt Romney raps number of uninsured kids in Texas, touts statistics for Massachusetts
verifiable:   "These 15 political appointees (on the IPAB) will make all the major health care decisions for over 300 million Americans."
verifiable:IPAB board is 15 bureaucrats who will decide for the nation, says Michele Bachmann
verifiable:   "I created a flat tax in the state of Utah. It took that state to the number-one position in terms of job creation."
verifiable:Jon Huntsman touts record on taxes, job creation in New Hampshire debate
verifiable:   Says he "came to the Republican Party sooner in age" than Ronald Reagan.
verifiable:Perry switched to GOP at younger age than Reagan
verifiable:   "Our government right now. . . (is) spending 40 percent more than what we take in."
verifiable:Bachmann is on target on spending
verifiable:   In the early 1960s, all levels of government were "consuming about 27 percent of the U.S. economy," a number that has risen to 37 percent today. With that trendline, "we cease at some point to be a free economy."
verifiable:Mitt Romney says rising government share threatens free economy
verifiable:   "More than 25 million Americans are unemployed. More than 50 million live without health insurance. Perhaps 100 million live in poverty."
verifiable:Are statistics in the Occupied Wall Street Journal correct?
verifiable:Say the ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay in the U.S. is 475 to 1.  
verifiable:Viral Facebook post on CEO-worker pay ratio has obscure past
verifiable:   The Arab Spring … "drove up gas prices."
verifiable:Barack Obama says Arab Spring sent gas prices higher
verifiable:   "Not a single banker, a CEO from Wall Street, anyone from corporate America — nobody, (there was) not one arrest of any of these people who brought down the economy in 2008."
verifiable:No CEOs have been arrested for bringing down the economy, said Michael Moore
verifiable:   "Today, you have six financial institutions, the largest six, that have assets that are the equivalent of 60 percent of the GDP of the United States of America."
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says six bank companies have assets equaling 60 percent of U.S. GDP
verifiable:   "The typical white male worker in this country is making in real terms what he was making in 1973" and "the average worker is making what they were making in 1996."
verifiable:David Axelrod says typical white male worker is earning no more than in 1973
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama is a "hypocrite" for criticizing President George W. Bush’s "drone attack program," then using it aggressively as president.
verifiable:Should President Barack Obama apologize for flip-flop on drone strikes? Louisiana lawmaker says yes
verifiable:Says the federal government hosted a conference and "ordered 250 muffins at 16 bucks a piece."  
verifiable:$16 muffin included coffee, tea, event space
verifiable:   When he took office in 2009, President Barack Obama "had the biggest Democratic majorities in Congress since Lyndon Johnson."
verifiable:Haley Barbour says Barack Obama benefited from biggest Congressional Democratic majorities since Lyndon Johnson
verifiable:   Chris Christie has not been "effective at creating jobs … (or have) a record of governing for effectiveness. ...   New Jersey (has) one of the higher unemployment rates in the country at 9.4 percent."
verifiable:Under Chris Christie, does New Jersey have "one of the higher unemployment rates in the country"?
verifiable:   "When it comes to being effective at creating jobs … (Chris Christie has not had) a record of governing for effectiveness. ... Last year, New Jersey created no net new jobs."
verifiable:Did Chris Christie's New Jersey create no net new jobs last year?
verifiable:   "President Obama has declared disasters in 48 of 50 states this year."
verifiable:President Barack Obama has declared disasters in how many states?
verifiable:   The Postal Service’s financial losses result from "a 2006 law that drains $5 billion a year from post office revenue, while the Postal Service is forced to overpay billions more into federal accounts."
verifiable:Ad from Save America's Postal Service claims rule from Congress is causing USPS's financial problems
verifiable:   "It costs more money to put a person on death row than it does to lock them up for the rest of their lives because of attorney fees."
verifiable:Gary Johnson says executions cost more than life imprisonment
verifiable:Says Texas wildfires are linked to climate change.  
verifiable:Barack Obama slams Rick Perry on climate change, citing Texas wildfires
verifiable:   "If we had been on 'Obamacare' and a bureaucrat was trying to tell me when I could get that CAT scan, that would have delayed my treatment."
verifiable:Herman Cain said government bureaucrats will determine when you get a CAT scan once the new health care law begins
verifiable:   "A construction worker who’s making $50 or $60 grand a year shouldn’t be paying higher tax rates than the guy who’s making $50 million a year. And that’s how it’s working right now."
verifiable:Barack Obama says construction workers pay higher tax rate than someone earning $50 million a year
verifiable:   Says that Romney touted the Massachusetts health plan for the nation in his hardcover book but then deleted it for the paperback edition.
verifiable:Rick Perry says Mitt Romney shifted stance when he deleted health care line from his book
verifiable:       Says he never said he wanted to move Social Security "back to the states."  
verifiable:Rick Perry says he never backed moving Social Security back to the states
verifiable:   "President Obama has the lowest public approval ratings of any president in modern times."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says Barack Obama 'has the lowest public approval ratings of any president in modern times'
verifiable:"The federal government has not engaged in (border security) at all."  
verifiable:Gov. Rick Perry says the federal government "has not engaged" in border security
verifiable:   "We're bankrupt."
verifiable:Gary Johnson says U.S. is "bankrupt"
verifiable:   President Obama "went around the world and apologized for America."
verifiable:Mitt Romney repeats claim that Obama went around the world apologizing for the United States
verifiable:Says the United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world with 2.3 million inmates, and the majority of Americans are imprisoned because they sold small amounts of drugs.  
verifiable:Gary Johnson says U.S. prisons are packed with small-time drug dealers
verifiable:"Since 1995, the top 400 wealthiest families have seen their incomes go up 400 percent and their tax rates go down 40 percent."  
verifiable:Barbara Boxer says 400 richest taxpayers saw incomes grow by 400%, tax rates fall by 40%
verifiable:   More private-sector jobs were created in the second year of the Obama administration than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says jobs increased faster in 2010 than in eight years under Bush
verifiable:"Poverty among Americans 65 and over is statistically unchanged" in recent years because of Social Security.  
verifiable:Rachel Maddow said Social Security is keeping older Americans out of poverty
verifiable:   Says the vaccine to prevent HPV can cause mental retardation.
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says HPV vaccine can cause mental retardation
verifiable:   "Two-thirds of Granite Staters oppose the Tea Party" and its agenda on labor unions.
verifiable:Democrats say two-thirds of New Hampshire residents do not support the tea party
verifiable:   The jobs bill includes "President Obama's tax on soup kitchens"
verifiable:Eric Cantor blog post attacks Barack Obama for "tax on soup kitchens"
verifiable:Under President Barack Obama’s jobs bill, "you can sue if you are unemployed and don't get the job and think you weren't hired because you are unemployed."  
verifiable:Sean Hannity says Barack Obama's jobs bill creates new avenue for unemployed to sue for discrimination
verifiable:The U.S. military "is in 130 countries. We have 900 bases around the world."  
verifiable:Ron Paul says U.S. has military personnel in 130 nations and 900 overseas bases 
verifiable:   "170,000 of the jobs" created in Texas under Gov. Rick Perry "were government jobs."
verifiable:Ron Paul says under Rick Perry, government jobs grew by 170,000 in Texas
verifiable:Mitt Romney "drove to Canada with the family dog Seamus strapped to the roof of the car."  
verifiable:Mitt Romney and the dog on the car roof: one columnist's obsession
verifiable:   "The first round of stimulus ... it created zero jobs."
verifiable:Rick Perry says the 2009 stimulus 'created zero jobs'
verifiable:   "We know that President Obama stole over $500 billion out of Medicare to switch it over to Obamacare."
verifiable:Did President Barack Obama "steal" $500 billion from Medicare? 
verifiable:   "Today, when people retire in Galveston County, Texas, they retire making at least 50 percent more than they would ever get out of Social Security."
verifiable:Herman Cain once again touts Galveston retirement plan at GOP debate
verifiable:   Says that in his book, Rick Perry said that "Social Security is unconstitutional."
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Rick Perry believes Social Security is unconstitutional
verifiable:   Social Security is a "Ponzi scheme."
verifiable:Rick Perry says Social Security is a Ponzi scheme
verifiable:   "In writing his book, Gov. Perry pointed out that … by any measure Social Security has been a failure."
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Rick Perry wrote that Social Security is a 'failure'
verifiable:   "Michael Dukakis created jobs three times faster" than Mitt Romney.
verifiable:Dukakis created jobs three times faster than Mitt Romney, says Rick Perry
verifiable:   Since Rick Perry became governor, "Texas has gone from 46th in the country to 50th in the population that graduates from high school."
verifiable:Democrats say Texas graduation rate fell to 50th under Rick Perry
verifiable:   "The day President Obama took office, gasoline was $1.79 a gallon."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says gasoline cost $1.79 a gallon when Barack Obama took office
verifiable:   Utah was "the No. 1 job creator in this country during my years of service" as governor, with a 5.9 percent increase in jobs.
verifiable:Jon Huntsman says Utah was No. 1 in job creation when he was governor
verifiable:   The Massachusetts health care plan "dealt with 8 percent of our population," far less than the "100 percent of American people" affected by President Barack Obama’s health care law.
verifiable:Romney says his health care bill affected far smaller percentage of people than Obama's
verifiable:   "Republicans fought to protect tax loopholes for corporations that send our jobs overseas."
verifiable:Did Republicans oppose closing corporate tax loopholes for outsourcing?
verifiable:   Says Jon Huntsman supports changes in Medicare that would deny guaranteed benefits to 980,000 New Hampshire residents.
verifiable:Democratic Party says Huntsman supports Medicare plan that would end guaranteed benefits
verifiable:   A bipartisan payroll tax cut championed by the White House has meant that "the average family has an extra $1,000 in their pocket" this year.
verifiable:Barack Obama says payroll tax cut has boosted average family income by $1,000
verifiable:   The United States "won every major battle" of the Vietnam War. "Every single one."
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. never lost a major battle in Vietnam
verifiable:   Says that 500,000 federal workers -- one-fourth of the federal workforce -- make more than $100,000 a year.
verifiable:Mitt Romney says 500,000 federal workers earn more than $100,000 a year
verifiable:Says that when President Obama visited El Paso, he "pronounced that the border with Mexico and the United States was safer than it ever was in history."  
verifiable:Rick Perry says Obama boasted that crimes in border towns are now lowest in history
verifiable:   President Barack Obama "has virtually no one in his cabinet with private-sector experience."
verifiable:Bachmann says Obama 'has virtually no one in his cabinet with private-sector experience'
verifiable:   Says President Barack Obama delivered $2 billion to Brazil to help with offshore drilling projects.
verifiable:Rick Perry says Obama delivered $2 billion to Brazil to help offshore drilling
verifiable:"The ratio of corporate profits to wages is now higher than at any time since just before the Great Depression."  
verifiable:Robert Reich says ratio of corporate profits to wages is highest since before Great Depression
verifiable:   "The United States is the No. 1 country in the world for energy resources. … We are the king daddy dogs when it comes to energy."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says U.S. is No. 1 in the world for energy resources
verifiable:   In Afghanistan, "it is very, very rare that someone who is killed in action is not killed by an" improvised explosive device, or IED.
verifiable:Bob Casey says non-IED deaths in Afghanistan are "very, very rare"
verifiable:   "We've had 11,000 attempts to amend the Constitution since 1789."
verifiable:Of 11,000 attempts to amend U.S. Constitution, only 27 amendments have passed
verifiable:   Says Texas gained 21,000 doctors due to tort reform.
verifiable:Rick Perry says Texas added 21,000 doctors because of tort reform  
verifiable:"Over the last four years, 53 percent of black wealth has just disappeared."  
verifiable:Brazile said 53 percent of black wealth has disappeared in the downturn
verifiable:   "When lenders foreclose on homes, they typically suffer losses that exceed 30 percent of the value of the home."
verifiable:Thaddeus McCotter says lenders lose 30 percent on foreclosures
verifiable:Scientists are "questioning the original idea that man-made global warming is what is causing the climate to change. … (It is) more and more being put into question."  
verifiable:Rick Perry says more and more scientists are questioning global warming
verifiable:   China is or soon will be "the largest English-speaking nation" in the world.
verifiable:Jon Huntsman says more English speakers in China than United States 
verifiable:   There are 500 million Internet users "and 80 million bloggers who are driving discussions in China. … So you’ve got a lot of people voicing frustration and discontent."
verifiable:Jon Huntsman says Internet use in China allows forum for discontent
verifiable:   Says Rick Perry flip-flopped on gay marriage by first saying it was a state’s rights issue and then saying he was in favor of a federal constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.
verifiable:Did Gov. Rick Perry change position on same sex marriage?
verifiable:   The "mega-rich" pay about 15 percent in taxes, while the middle class "fall into the 15 percent and 25 percent income tax brackets, and then are hit with heavy payroll taxes to boot."
verifiable:Warren Buffett says the super-rich pay lower tax rates than others
verifiable:   Says he worked with the Democratic legislature to balance spending with revenues so that "at the end of my four-year term, the rainy day fund was established at more than $2 billion."
verifiable:Mitt Romney said as governor he built a Massachusetts rainy day fund
verifiable:   "One in four Texans lacks health insurance, the highest proportion in the nation."
verifiable:One in four Texans lack health insurance
verifiable:"The weight of the evidence (on global warming) is that most of it, maybe all of it, is because of natural causes ... it’s fair to say the science is in dispute."  
verifiable:Do scientists disagree about global warming?
verifiable:   When Standard & Poor's "dropped our credit rating, what they said is, we don't have an ability to repay our debt. ... I was proved right in my position" that the debt ceiling should not have been raised.
verifiable:Bachmann said Standard & Poor's downgrade proved she was right
verifiable:   Says that under President John F. Kennedy, "government took up" 27 percent of the economy, and today it "consumes 37 percent."
verifiable:Romney says government has grown from 27 percent to 37 percent of U.S. economy
verifiable:   "The country's bankrupt." 
verifiable:U.S. Rep. Ron Paul says 'the country's bankrupt"
verifiable:   "We created a flat tax in the state of Utah."
verifiable:Jon Huntsman says he enacted a flat tax as Utah governor
verifiable:   "We're inches away from no longer having a free economy."
verifiable:Mitt Romney gets another Pants on Fire for saying we're 'inches away' from not being capitalist any more
verifiable:   "Obamacare was patterned after (Mitt Romney's) plan in Massachusetts."
verifiable:Pawlenty says Obamacare is patterned after Romneycare
verifiable:   "In the '80s, Democrats promised spending cuts, but delivered only tax hikes."
verifiable:Ron Paul ad says Democrats only want tax increases
verifiable:   The debt-ceiling bill "doesn’t cut the debt. It will add about $7 trillion in new debt over the next 10 years."
verifiable:Jim DeMint says the debt-ceiling bill won't actually cut the national debt
verifiable:   The United States has "the longest surviving constitution."
verifiable:Huntsman says the U.S. Constitution is the oldest
verifiable:   Says Obama has never submitted a budget, and Congress has worked for two years without passing one.
verifiable:Roemer faults Obama and Congress on budgets
verifiable:   "The government's twice the size it was 10 years ago. It's 30 percent bigger than it was when (Barack) Obama became president."
verifiable:Sen. Tom Coburn says government is twice the size it was a decade ago
verifiable:   Tax increases under Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm led to state unemployment going from 6.8 percent to 15.3 percent.
verifiable:Raul Labrador says tax hike led to spike in Michigan unemployment
verifiable:   "I cut more as a percentage out of government than any state in the country this past decade. And where is Michigan in terms of its economic growth? Cutting did not result in economic growth."
verifiable:Jennifer Granholm says massive government cuts in Michigan didn't spur growth
verifiable:   There was a "loss of eight million jobs during the Bush eight years."
verifiable:Harry Reid says 8 million jobs lost during George W. Bush's years in office
verifiable:"The average Republican voter thinks there should be some revenue as part of this deal."  
verifiable:Paul Krugman said the average Republican favors including taxes as part of overall debt deal
verifiable:   The debt ceiling deal will result in "the lowest level of annual domestic spending since Dwight Eisenhower was president."
verifiable:Barack Obama says debt ceiling deal lowers domestic spending to lowest level since Eisenhower
verifiable:   "There are no tax increases in this debt limit bill. Period."
verifiable:Eric Cantor said, "There are no tax increases in this debt limit bill. Period."
verifiable:   In contrast to President Barack Obama, who "is not acting presidential," President Ronald Reagan "would never go into the Oval Office without his jacket on — that's how much he revered the presidency."
verifiable:Wall Street figure Ken Langone blasts Obama as 'unpresidential,' raps lack of suit jacket
verifiable:Since 1965, the United States has spent "untold trillions" yet the poverty rate hasn’t budged.  
verifiable:Bill O'Reilly says poverty hasn't budged since 1965 despite 'trillions' spent
verifiable:   "Our government has spent $2.6 million to teach Chinese prostitutes how to drink responsibly."
verifiable:Founder of Tea Party Nation claims U.S. government has spent $2.6 million to teach Chinese prostitutes how to drink responsibly
verifiable:   Says that when he was governor of Utah, he worked with the state Legislature to create a flat tax that "cut income taxes by 30 percent."
verifiable:Jon Huntsman touts record enacting "flat tax," but how accurate is claim?
verifiable:   Michele Bachmann's legislative record is "offering failed amendments."
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty said Michele Bachmann's legislative record is 'failed amendments'
verifiable:   In Europe, "church attendance rates (are) in the single digits" because churches are supported by taxes.
verifiable:Rick Santorum says church attendance in the single digits in Europe because of government support
verifiable:   "The deficit was on track to top $1 trillion the year I took office."
verifiable:Obama says the deficit was on track to top $1 trillion the year he took office
verifiable:   Says Tim Pawlenty said in 2006, "The era of small government is over... the government has to be more proactive and more aggressive."
verifiable:Did Tim Pawlenty say, "The era of small government is over"?
verifiable:   The House passed "cut, cap and balance" with "bipartisan support."
verifiable:Bipartisan support for "cut, cap and balance", John Boehner says
verifiable:   "President Reagan did it (raised the debt ceiling) 18 times.  George W. Bush did it seven times."
verifiable:Obama says Reagan raised debt ceiling 18 times; George W. Bush seven times
verifiable:   "When the Republicans were in charge, they actually expanded government health care with the prescription drug program."
verifiable:Ron Paul says when Republicans were in power, they expanded government role in health care
verifiable:"Most countries have no debt ceiling."  
verifiable:Arianna Huffington says U.S. debt ceiling rules are unusual internationally
verifiable:   Says Ronald Reagan "repeatedly talked about how irresponsible it would be to allow the full faith and credit of the United States to be impaired in any kind of way."
verifiable:Ronald Reagan talks about the debt ceiling
verifiable:   "A clause hidden in the Obamacare bill, which is now law, gives Obama the right to form a private army."
verifiable:Victoria Jackson column claims health care law gives Obama power to raise a private army
verifiable:   "Federal law requires that hospitals treat people whether or not they can pay. So someone (who) doesn’t have health insurance --  they can go to the hospital and get free care."
verifiable:Mitt Romney says federal law requires hospitals to provide free care
verifiable:   Said his mother had to fight with health insurance companies for treatment because of a pre-existing condition.
verifiable:Obama's mother fought for disability coverage, not treatment, according to book
verifiable:   Says the new Dodd-Frank financial law requires a 20 percent down payment to buy a house.
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says Dodd-Frank law requires 20 percent down payments
verifiable:   "Since 2000, nearly 12 million Americans have slipped out of the middle class and into poverty."
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says 12 million have slipped from middle class into poverty since 2000
verifiable:   During his first year, President Obama said he "was going to visit Kim Jong-ll and Ahmadinejad and Assad and Chavez – the worst actors in the world."
verifiable:Mitt Romney says President Obama was planning to visit Kim Jong-ll, Ahmadinejad, Assad and Chavez in first year
verifiable:   "Every time we've cut the capital gains tax, the economy has grown. Whenever we raise the capital gains tax, it's been damaged."
verifiable:Grover Norquist said the economy has grown or been damaged by capital gains tax changes
verifiable:   Says that, unlike the U.S. Senate, "even the Libyan government, in the middle of a civil war, passed a budget on June 15, 2011"
verifiable:Rep. Ann Marie Buerkle uses passage of Libyan budget to shame U.S. Senate over inaction
verifiable:   "The black unemployment rate (has) increased since the recovery has begun."
verifiable:Marc Morial says black unemployment has actually worsened during recovery
verifiable:   "The clear majority of Republican voters think that any deficit reduction package should have a balanced approach and should include some revenues."
verifiable:Barack Obama said a "clear majority" of Republican voters think tax revenues should be included as part of a budget deal.
verifiable:   "Eighty percent of the American people support an approach (to federal budget problems) that includes revenues and includes cuts."
verifiable:Barack Obama said 80 percent of Americans favor both spending cuts and tax increases to address budget problems. 
verifiable:   "New Mexico is the second Hollywood" because of tax incentives for the film industry.
verifiable:Gary Johnson says tax breaks made New Mexico the 'second Hollywood'
verifiable:   "Our country's got this huge debt, and (President Barack) Obama says raise taxes and keep spending more."
verifiable:Crossroads GPS says Barack Obama wants to "raise taxes and keep spending more"
verifiable:   Says a quote at the top of the redesigned website for the Department of Justice comes from a socialist who wanted to impose global common law.
verifiable:Chain e-mail claims a quote at the top of the redesigned Department of Justice website comes from a socialist who wanted to impose global common law
verifiable:   Social Security and other federal checks may not go out on Aug. 3 if the debt ceiling is not increased.
verifiable:Barack Obama said Social Security and other federal checks may not go out on Aug. 3 if the debt ceiling is not increased
verifiable:   Says scientists are "in dispute" over whether being gay is a choice.
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty says scientists are “in dispute” over whether being gay is a choice
verifiable:   "There's no scientific conclusion that (being gay) is genetic."
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty says there's no scientific conclusion that being gay is genetic
verifiable:   "As we've seen that federal support for states diminish, you've seen the biggest job losses in the public sector -- teachers, police officers, firefighters losing their jobs."
verifiable:President Barack Obama says public sector job losses increasing as stimulus dwindles
verifiable:   For people in the top 1 percent for income, "your effective tax burden is in the low 20s, the lowest it’s been in decades and decades and decades -- lower than somebody who might make substantially less money." 
verifiable:Geithner says the top 1 percent have a tax rate in the low 20s
verifiable:   Slim Jims "just recently" cost 99 cents but now cost $2.69.
verifiable:Sarah Palin says price of Slim Jims has risen 169 percent recently
verifiable:"There are actually half a million fewer government employees now than there were when (President Barack) Obama took office."  
verifiable:Paul Krugman says government jobs have fallen by half million since January 2009
verifiable:   "Mitt Romney is the first Massachusetts politician to run for president and not win the New Hampshire primary in a generation."
verifiable:Democrats say Mitt Romney is first Massachusetts politician who failed to win New Hampshire in a generation
verifiable:   By the end of his first term, President Obama will have added as much debt as all the prior 43 presidents combined.
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama will add more debt than 43 prior presidents
verifiable:   "Fifty-one percent -- that is, a majority of American households -- paid no income tax in 2009. Zero. Zip. Nada."
verifiable:John Cornyn says 51 percent of American households pay no income tax
verifiable:   Says that when President Bill Clinton raised the top tax rates to levels now proposed by Obama, the country experienced significant job growth.
verifiable:Obama claims job rate soared after Clinton raised taxes
verifiable:   "Young veterans have a higher unemployment rate than people who didn’t serve."
verifiable:Barack Obama says post-9/11 veterans have higher unemployment than non-veterans
verifiable:   "We have provided at least 16 tax cuts to small businesses."
verifiable:Barack Obama claims credit for "at least 16 tax cuts to small businesses.”
verifiable:   Forty percent of union members voted Republican in 2008.
verifiable:Bill Kristol says 40 percent of union members voted for John McCain in 2008
verifiable:   Housing prices dropped for the 30 months prior to Barack Obama taking office, "and they have stabilized, they've been about flat since the president came in."
verifiable:HUD secretary Shaun Donovan says housing prices "stabilized" since Barack Obama entered office
verifiable:   "Forty percent of the Fortune 500 were started either by immigrants or children of immigrants."
verifiable:Steve Case says 40 percent of the Fortune 500 were started either by immigrants or children of immigrants
verifiable:   From 1947 to 1979, family incomes for rich, middle-income and poor Americans grew about the same rate. But since 1979, incomes for rich families have grown much faster.
verifiable:Liberal group says family incomes grew equally prior to 1979, unequally afterward
verifiable:   Says that President Obama said, "Nobody made these guys go to war. ... Now they whine about bearing the costs of their choice?" 
verifiable:Did Barack Obama say the troops 'whine' and 'nobody made these guys go to war'? Pants on Fire!
verifiable:   "You see a whole bunch of Korean cars here in the United States, and you don't see any American cars in Korea."
verifiable:Barack Obama said you don't see American made cars in South Korea
verifiable:   Says that in 2009, Jon Huntsman "said that the Recovery Act wasn't large enough and as governor he asked for $14.4 billion in federal stimulus funds. Now he's saying that he never supported it."
verifiable:Former U.S. Rep. Richard Swett says Huntsman flip-flopped on stimulus
verifiable:   "My husband and I have never gotten a penny of money from the farm."
verifiable:Rep. Michele Bachmann says she's never received a penny from family farm that got federal crop subsidies
verifiable:Ethanol reduced gas prices by 89 cents per gallon in 2010, and if ethanol disappeared, gas prices could rise by as much as 92 percent.  
verifiable:Industry warns gas prices would rise 89 cents without ethanol
verifiable:   Says President Obama "has fired more cruise missiles than all other Peace Prize winners combined."
verifiable:Yard sign claims Barack Obama has fired more cruise missiles than any Nobel Peace Prize winner
verifiable:   "What I have done -- and this is unprecedented ... is I've said to each agency ... 'look at regulations that are already on the books and if they don't make sense, let's get rid of them.'"    
verifiable:President Barack Obama claims his regulatory review is unprecedented
verifiable:   "If you're a … wealthy CEO or a … hedge fund manager in America right now, your taxes are … lower than they've been since the 1950s."
verifiable:Barack Obama says tax rates are lowest since 1950s for CEOs, hedge fund managers
verifiable:   Says President Barack Obama said that if he doesn’t turn the economy around after three years in office, he’ll be a one-term president.
verifiable:Michele Bachmann uses Barack Obama's 'one-term' president comment against him
verifiable:   "The American people don't want us to raise taxes."
verifiable:John Boehner says they don't, but polls on taxes show many do 
verifiable:   "We do not want to raise anybody's tax rates. That's never been on the table."
verifiable:James Clyburn says Democrats "do not want to raise anybody's tax rates. That's never been on the table.”
verifiable:   "We've got more revenue than we ever have."
verifiable:Jim DeMint says federal government has more revenue coming in "than we ever have"
verifiable:   "Under Barack Obama the last two years, the number of federal limousines for bureaucrats has increased 73 percent."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann claims federal limousines up 73 percent under Obama
verifiable:   "If you threw a barbecue yesterday for the Memorial weekend, it was 29 percent more expensive than last year because Barack Obama's policies have led to groceries going up 29 percent."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says food prices for barbecues up 29 percent because of Barack Obama
verifiable:   "The president released all of the oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says Barack Obama has "released all of the oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve"
verifiable:   "Hispanic unemployment has been ticking down from an all-time high of 13.9 percent because of the policies we’ve implemented."
verifiable:Harry Reid says Hispanic unemployment 'ticking down' from all-time high
verifiable:   In the Republican presidential debate in New Hampshire, none of the candidates mentioned the "middle class" or "education."
verifiable:Democrats say Republican presidential candidates did not mention middle class or education in debate
verifiable:   Says President Barack Obama promised he would cut the deficit in half, but instead will at least double it.
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty says President Obama is going to break promise on deficit and will double it
verifiable:   The U.S. is spending "one out of every six Defense Department dollars on Afghanistan."
verifiable:Jon Huntsman said 1 in 6 defense dollars are spent on Afghanistan
verifiable:   When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ranked 47th out of 50 states in job creation.    
verifiable:Dems say under Gov. Mitt Romney, Massachusetts ranked 47th out of 50 states in job creation
verifiable:"Who are the most consistently misinformed media viewers? … Fox viewers, consistently, every poll."  
verifiable:Jon Stewart says those who watch Fox News are the "most consistently misinformed media viewers"
verifiable:   "Janice Hahn hired hard-core gang members with taxpayer money to be 'gang-intervention specialists.' She even helped them get out of jail, so they could rape and kill again."
verifiable:Video accuses Janice Hahn of hiring gang members with taxpayer money as 'gang-intervention specialists'
verifiable:   Says an alternative to Social Security that operates in Galveston County, Texas, has meant that participants will "retire with a whole lot more money" than under Social Security.
verifiable:Herman Cain touts alternative to Social Security used in Galveston, Texas
verifiable:   "Obamacare takes $500 billion out of Medicare and funds Obamacare."
verifiable:$500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare, Mitt Romney says
verifiable:   "This is the slowest job recovery since Hoover."
verifiable:Mitt Romney says we're in "the slowest job recovery since Hoover"
verifiable:   The Medicare drug program "resulted in the program coming in 40 percent under budget. ... And the reason it was, is because the design was right." 
verifiable:Did Medicare Part D come in 40 percent under budget because of its design?
verifiable:   Says President Barack Obama "has put (up) a stop sign … against oil drilling, against any kind of exploration offshore or in Alaska."
verifiable:Rick Santorum says Barack Obama has raised a "stop sign" on oil exploration
verifiable:   "A large number of the uninsured earn $75,000 or more a year."
verifiable:Newt Gingrich says a "large number" of the uninsured make more than $75,000
verifiable:   "The cost-of-living increase in Social Security is tied to wage inflation."
verifiable:Rick Santorum says Social Security cost-of-living adjustments should be based on consumer prices, not wages
verifiable:   Then-Sen. Barack Obama "refused to raise the debt ceiling because he said President Bush had failed in leadership."
verifiable:Bachmann said Obama voted against the debt limit when he was a senator
verifiable:   "There was a recent report out that the premiums for Medicare and the payroll withholdings are only paying about half the program. So it is not financially solvent."
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty said Medicare is only half paid for by premiums and taxes
verifiable:   "The CBO, the Congressional Budget Office has said that Obamacare will kill 800,000 jobs."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says Obamacare will kill 800,000 jobs
verifiable:   The Obama administration has cut taxes on small businesses 17 times.
verifiable:DNC Chair Wasserman Schultz says Obama has signed bills with 17 small business tax cuts
verifiable:   "We have unemployment that rivals the Great Depression."
verifiable:RNC chair Reince Priebus says today's long-term unemployment is worse than Great Depression
verifiable:"The average unemployed American has been out of work for almost 40 weeks."  
verifiable:Paul Krugman says average unemployed worker has been jobless for nearly 40 weeks
verifiable:   "When I became president and CEO of Godfather’s Pizza, it was supposed to go bankrupt . . . We turned it around with common-sense business principles."
verifiable:Did Herman Cain turn around Godfather's Pizza?
verifiable:Commerce Secretary nominee John Bryson "appears to endorse world government."  
verifiable:Anonymous GOP officials claim commerce nominee John Bryson endorses world government
verifiable:   By advocating new requirements for voters to show ID cards at the polls, Republicans "want to literally drag us all the way back to Jim Crow laws."
verifiable:Debbie Wasserman Schultz compares GOP-backed voting bills to Jim Crow
verifiable:   The budget for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau "is only about 1 percent of the amount banks generate just from late fees and overdraft fees."
verifiable:Rep. Elijah Cummings says new financial protection bureau will have budget equal to just 1 percent of industry's fees
verifiable:   Says that Sarah Palin and Craig Huey "would ban a woman's right to choose in every case"
verifiable:California attack ad links Craig Huey to Sarah Palin, says both would ban a woman's right to choose
verifiable:   Says Craig Huey called Planned Parenthood a "murder mill."
verifiable:Ad: Craig Huey called Planned Parenthood a "murder mill"
verifiable:   Accuses President Barack Obama of making contradictory claims about efforts to kill Osama bin Laden in 2008 and 2011.
verifiable:Chain e-mail accuses Barack Obama of hypocrisy in raid on Osama bin Laden
verifiable:"Part of his ride was to warn the British that were already there that, 'Hey, you're not going to succeed.' "  
verifiable:Was trash-talking the British part of Paul Revere's ride? 
verifiable:   "Over the last 15 months, we've added more than 2 million jobs in the private sector. That's far in excess of what it was in the comparable period after the last recession."
verifiable:Austan Goolsbee says current recovery beats job creation record of George W. Bush recovery
verifiable:   "Manufacturing is having its best employment year in almost 15 years."
verifiable:Austan Goolsbee says manufacturing jobs growing fastest in almost 15 years
verifiable:   Democratic Reps. Cicilline, Boswell, Carnahan and Critz "demanded that Congress vote to increase the nation’s debt limit without making any spending cuts."
verifiable:NRCC robocall claims four Democrats demanded vote on raising debt limit without spending cuts
verifiable:   "A few months into office, (President Barack Obama) traveled around the globe to apologize for America."
verifiable:Mitt Romney says Barack Obama "traveled around the globe to apologize for America.”
verifiable:   "We're going to be looking at $8 billion a day that we're going to be pouring into foreign countries in order to import that make-up fuel that we're going to need to take the place of what we could have gotten out of the gulf."
verifiable:Palin claims loss of oil production in Gulf of Mexico will cost $8 billion a day in imports
verifiable:   We are looking at "150,000 barrels (of oil) per day less next year, and 200,000 barrels per day less being able to be developed from the gulf the year after" because of the moratorium on new drilling enacted by the Obama administration.
verifiable:Palin claims Gulf of Mexico drilling moratorium will cause projected 150,000 barrel a day production drop 
verifiable:   "We are only inches away from ceasing to be a free market economy."
verifiable:Mitt Romney says U.S. is "only inches away from ceasing to be a free market economy.”
verifiable:   "We went from a $5.6 trillion surplus that George Bush inherited to over ... $11-plus trillion debt when George Bush left office."
verifiable:Steny Hoyer says George W. Bush inherited $5.6 trillion surplus from Bill Clinton
verifiable:   Medicare "only has about 50 percent of it paid for by either premiums or payroll taxes, and the rest is deficit spending ... or debt spending."
verifiable:Pawlenty says half of Medicare paid for with deficit spending
verifiable:   "Look at the debt that has been accumulated in the last two years. It's more debt under this president than all those other presidents combined."
verifiable:Sarah Palin says Obama has accumulated more debt than previous 43 presidents combined
verifiable:   The Medicare proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., would "allow insurance companies to deny you coverage and drop you for pre-existing conditions."  
verifiable:Debbie Wasserman Schultz says Ryan Medicare plan would allow insurers to use pre-existing conditions as barrier to coverage
verifiable:   "In the late 1980s, the U.S. was nearly the lowest-taxed nation in the world, and a quarter century later we're nearly the highest."
verifiable:Wall Street Journal's Steve Moore says U.S. taxes were lower than rivals' in 1980s but are higher now
verifiable:"There's a 1.5 percent to 2 percent overhead in Medicare. The insurance companies have a 20 percent to 30 percent overhead."  
verifiable:Barbara Boxer says Medicare overhead is far lower than private insurers' overhead
verifiable:   The Democratic health care law "added 12 years of solvency to Medicare."
verifiable:Did the health care law add 12 years of solvency to Medicare? 
verifiable:   "Less than two years ago, we made a commitment to repay the U.S. . . .taxpayers in full, and today we made good on that promise."
verifiable:CEO says Chrysler Group is now square with the American taxpayer
verifiable:   Says that Tim Pawlenty eliminated health insurance for 33,000 to 35,000 people when he was governor of Minnesota.
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty eliminated health insurance for 33,000 in Minnesota, DNC says
verifiable:   The Paul Ryan budget proposal would "privatize Medicare."
verifiable:Throw-granny-from-the-cliff ad says Paul Ryan plan would privatize Medicare
verifiable:   The Paul Ryan budget proposal would leave the country "without Medicare."
verifiable:Throw-granny-from-the-cliff ad asks what the U.S. would be “without Medicare"
verifiable:   "For decades before I was elected, governors tried and failed to get Minnesota out of the top 10 highest-taxed states in the country. I actually did it."
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty says that as governor, he kept Minnesota off list of 10 highest-taxed states
verifiable:   Compact fluorescent light bulbs are "toxic" and "not environmentally friendly."
verifiable:Group opposed to light bulb law claims consumers are being pushed to compact fluorescent light bulbs that are environmentally unsafe
verifiable:   "Unions don’t have to comply with Obamacare."
verifiable:Unions don't have to comply with Obamacare, says Crossroads GPS
verifiable:   On whether he would vote for the budget proposed by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis.
verifiable:Did Scott Brown flip-flop on supporting Paul Ryan's budget plan?
verifiable:   "The new light bulbs will cost roughly six times the cost of the light bulbs we now use."
verifiable:Conservative PAC claims new government regulations will force consumers to buy light bulbs that cost six times more
verifiable:   "We bring in enough tax revenue to service our debt, pay for Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, and then still have about $300 (billion) or $400 billion left over."
verifiable:Tea Party Express' Amy Kremer says current tax revenues could cover interest, Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security
verifiable:   Next year, "you will be mandated by federal law to get rid of your existing light bulbs."
verifiable:Conservative group claims new law would require people to throw away existing light bulbs and replace with more efficient ones
verifiable:   "The Democrats have already voted to ban our conventional light bulbs ... in favor of dangerous fluorescent light bulbs."
verifiable:Conservative PAC claims Democrats banned incandescent light bulbs in favor of fluorescent light bulbs
verifiable:Promotes a chart saying that Barack Obama has "increased the debt" by 16 percent, compared to George W. Bush, who increased it by 115 percent.  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi posts questionable chart on debt accumulation by Barack Obama, predecessors
verifiable:   On supporting the budget proposed by Rep. Paul Ryan
verifiable:Did Newt Gingrich flip-flop on supporting Paul Ryan's budget?
verifiable:   On taxes, President Barack Obama wants to raise "the top rate to 44.8 percent."
verifiable:Paul Ryan says Barack Obama wants a top tax rate of 44.8 percent
verifiable:   "In the first year of the Obama administration, more jobs were created in the private sector than in the eight years of the Bush administration."
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says more jobs created in Obama's first year than eight years of George W. Bush
verifiable:   President Barack Obama deserves to be called "the most successful food stamp president in American history" because "47 million Americans are on food stamps."
verifiable:Newt Gingrich defends calling Barack Obama "food stamp president"
verifiable:"The (border) fence is now basically complete."  
verifiable:Obama says the border fence is 'now basically complete'
verifiable:The Massachusetts health care plan is "wildly unpopular" among state residents.  
verifiable:Laura Ingraham says Massachusetts health plan is "wildly unpopular"
verifiable:   President Obama’s health care law "represents a government takeover of health care."
verifiable:Romney calls Obama's health care law a government takeover
verifiable:   About two-thirds of Medicaid beneficiaries are children, but they account for one-third of the program’s cost, while one-third are elderly, and they account for two-thirds of the cost.
verifiable:Sherrod Brown says elderly account for two-thirds of Medicaid's costs
verifiable:   "For four years, we balanced the budget and paid off $405 billion in debt."
verifiable:Newt Gingrich inaccurate in budget, debt claims in video announcement
verifiable:   During his time as House speaker, "unemployment came down from 5.6 percent to under 4 (percent)."
verifiable:Gingrich unemployment rate claim off target
verifiable:   Under President Barack Obama, the United States has "doubled our exports."
verifiable:Barack Obama says the United States has doubled exports during his presidency
verifiable:   The Bush tax cuts "created about 8 million jobs over the first 10 years that they were in existence. We've lost about 5 million of those jobs during this recession."
verifiable:John Boehner says Bush tax cuts created 8 million jobs over 10 years
verifiable:The Obama administration increased the deportation of illegal immigrants convicted of crimes by 70 percent.  
verifiable:Obama says deportation of criminals up 70 percent under his administration
verifiable:"The Border Patrol has 20,000 agents – more than twice as many as there were in 2004."  
verifiable:Obama says border patrol has doubled the number of agents since 2004
verifiable:   During the Eisenhower Administration, "not a single soldier … died in combat."
verifiable:Doris Kearns Goodwin says no U.S. combat deaths under Eisenhower
verifiable:   Wrote that in 2006, Nancy Pelosi said she didn’t think capturing Osama bin Laden "makes us any safer," but in 2011 called his killing "historic."
verifiable:Bloggers say Nancy Pelosi in 2006 said getting bin Laden doesn't make us "any safer"
verifiable:   On the night of the Iowa caucuses, Obama "promised the nation that he would do health care reform focused on cost containment, he opposed an individual mandate, and he said he was going to do it with Republicans."
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty quotes Obama's words on health care from the Iowa caucuses
verifiable:   "We have the highest corporate income tax in the world right now."
verifiable:Gary Johnson says U.S. has "the highest corporate income tax in the world right now”
verifiable:   "Bin Laden had declared war against Pakistan."
verifiable:Barack Obama says that "bin Laden had declared war against Pakistan"
verifiable:   "America owns 3 percent of the world’s oil but consumes 25 percent of its global reserves."
verifiable:Gerry Connolly says U.S. owns 3 percent of world’s oil but consumes 25 percent
verifiable:   Rep. Paul Ryan's budget proposal cuts "nothing" from Medicare, Social Security or defense in the next two to three years, and "in three years, he does not cut one dime from the debt."
verifiable:Former Reagan budget director says Ryan's plan saves debt reduction for later
verifiable:Says although the unemployment rate seems to be improving, it does not reflect real job creation -- it’s caused by a "shrinking of the actual labor force."  
verifiable:Arianna Huffington says unemployment gains are actually from shrinking workforce, not job creation
verifiable:   "We don't have bridges being built" in the United States.
verifiable:Trump: U.S. doesn't build bridges anymore
verifiable:   "A vast majority of the production in the United States comes from small independent oil and gas companies."
verifiable:Rep. Dan Boren says most domestic oil is produced by "small independent" companies
verifiable:   On whether the federal debt limit should be raised
verifiable:Obama regrets 2006 vote against raising the debt limit
verifiable:   Says stories about his birth certificate drowned out media coverage of the Republican and White House budget plans the week of April 11.
verifiable:Barack Obama says birth certificate drowned out budget proposals in media coverage
verifiable:   President Barack Obama "took exactly none of his own deficit reduction commission’s ideas. Not one."
verifiable:John Boehner says Obama “took exactly none of his own deficit reduction commission’s ideas"
verifiable:   After the U.S.-led military alliance ejected Saddam Hussein’s forces from Kuwait in 1991, the Kuwaitis "never paid us."
verifiable:Donald Trump says Kuwait never paid U.S. back for ousting Saddam Hussein
verifiable:   "CNN did a poll recently where Obama and I are statistically tied."
verifiable:Trump says recent CNN poll shows him competitive in contest with Obama
verifiable:"Large majorities" of the public "oppose major changes to Medicare" and favor higher taxes on the wealthy.  
verifiable:Paul Krugman said large majorities favor higher taxes for the rich and no cuts to Medicare
verifiable:   "Iraq has the second-largest oilfields in the world (behind) Saudi Arabia."
verifiable:Donald Trump says Iraq has the second-biggest oilfields in the world
verifiable:   China holds 26 percent of the U.S. debt.
verifiable:Herman Cain says China holds 26 percent of U.S. debt
verifiable:Under a proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, people on Medicare will only have $15,000 from the federal government to spend on their health care.  
verifiable:Bill Maher says GOP proposal would limit seniors to $15,000 spending under Medicare
verifiable:   "Seniors will have to find $12,500 for health care because Republicans voted to end Medicare."
verifiable:Democrats say Republicans voted to end Medicare and charge seniors $12,000
verifiable:According to David Cay Johnston, "the average American pays about 22 percent of their income to federal taxes. The richest 400 Americans … pay about 16 percent of their income to federal taxes."  
verifiable:Journalist Chris Hayes says the "average American pays about 22 percent of their income to federal taxes."
verifiable:"Every time we've cut taxes, revenues have gone up, the economy has grown."  
verifiable:Rep. Joe Walsh said that every time we've cut taxes, revenues have gone up, the economy has grown
verifiable:   The Republican budget plan "says that 10 years from now, if you’re a 65-year-old who’s eligible for Medicare, you should have to pay nearly $6,400 more than you would today."
verifiable:President Obama says Republican Medicare plan would cost people $6,400 more in 10 years
verifiable:   "The top 1 percent of income-earners pay about 40 percent of all taxes into the federal government."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says top 1 percent pay 40 percent of all federal taxes
verifiable:   "Americans will pay more in taxes in 2011 than they will spend on groceries, clothing and shelter combined."
verifiable:Reince Priebus says Americans pay more in taxes than on groceries, clothing, shelter combined
verifiable:   "Medicare passed with virtually no Republican support."
verifiable:Peter DeFazio says “Medicare passed with virtually no Republican support”
verifiable:   "The Republicans have demanded deep cuts in education. They've demanded cuts in cancer research and other research to find cures and treatments to diseases."
verifiable:Chris Van Hollen says GOP has "demanded deep cuts" in education, disease research
verifiable:   "In the last decade, the average income of the bottom 90 percent of all working Americans actually declined. The top 1 percent saw their income rise by an average of more than a quarter of a million dollars each."
verifiable:Obama says incomes increased more than $250,000 for top 1 percent of Americans, dropped for bottom 90 percent
verifiable:   "By the end of this decade, the interest we owe on our debt could rise to nearly $1 trillion."
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. interest load will hit nearly $1 trillion by end of decade
verifiable:A Republican proposal changes Medicare for those under age 55 so that they will  "participate in the same kind of health plan that members of Congress do."  
verifiable:Mike Pence said Republican Medicare proposal gives seniors the same health care as Congress
verifiable:   "Foreign aid makes up about 1 percent of our entire budget."
verifiable:Barack Obama says foreign aid makes up 1 percent of U.S. budget
verifiable:   President Obama has "stopped using the phrase 'war on terror.' "
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty says Obama has stopped using the phrase "war on terror"
verifiable:President Obama has spent over $2 million in legal fees defending lawsuits about his birth certificate.  
verifiable:Donald Trump claims Obama spent $2 million in legal fees defending birth certificate lawsuits
verifiable:   "In 2009, we cut state spending in real terms for the first time in 150 years."
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty said in 2009, "we cut state spending in real terms for the first time in 150 years"
verifiable:   "Libya supplies the oil for China. We get no oil from Libya."
verifiable:Libya sells most of its oil to Europe, not China
verifiable:   Abortion services are "well over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does."  
verifiable:Jon Kyl says abortion services are “well over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does”
verifiable:   "I have the No. 1 show on NBC."
verifiable:Donald Trump says his show is No. 1 on NBC -- is he right?
verifiable:Says President Obama's "grandmother in Kenya said he was born in Kenya and she was there and witnessed the birth."  
verifiable:Trump said Obama's grandmother caught on tape saying she witnessed his birth in Kenya
verifiable:   "We’ve introduced a bill that includes $12 billion in cuts over the next week."
verifiable:John Boehner says interim spending bill would cut $12 billion
verifiable:   A government shutdown "could disrupt ... veterans' benefits."
verifiable:Debbie Stabenow says government shutdown “could disrupt" veterans' benefits
verifiable:   Under a House Republican appropriations bill, "6 million seniors are deprived of meals."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says GOP bill would deprive 6 million seniors of meals
verifiable:   The ratio of people working for the government and working in manufacturing today is "an almost exact reversal of the situation in 1960."
verifiable:Steve Moore says ratio of people working in government, manufacturing is “an almost exact reversal" of pattern in 1960
verifiable:Says House Republicans rejected a straightforward measure that would prevent members of Congress and the president from being paid during a government shutdown.  
verifiable:Congress can't agree on cutting its own pay in the event of a government shutdown
verifiable:   "We’ve lost 26 million jobs … since (Obama’s) been president."
verifiable:RNC Chair Reince Priebus says U.S. has lost 26 million jobs under Barack Obama
verifiable:   "Franklin Roosevelt (was) the last president to come to the Congress to ask for permission to engage into war."
verifiable:Charlie Rangel says last president to seek congressional permission for war was FDR
verifiable:"We lost more jobs in this great recession than the last four recessions combined."  
verifiable:George Will says most recent recession killed more jobs than previous four recessions combined
verifiable:   "Every child born today inherits a $30,000 share in a national debt that stands at more than $13 trillion."
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty says every child is born with a $30,000 share of the U.S. debt
verifiable:   South Korea doesn't pay the United States for U.S. troops that protect their country.
verifiable:Donald Trump says South Korea doesn't pay United States for troop presence
verifiable:   "From 1960, the year I was born, until the time I became Governor in 2003, the average two-year increase in Minnesota state spending was 21 percent. … we brought that down dramatically, to about 1.7 percent per year."
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty said he brought Minnesota state spending growth down "to about 1.7 percent per year."
verifiable:   Says Majority Leader Eric Cantor called for "abolishing Social Security and Medicare."
verifiable:Americans United for Change says Eric Cantor wants to abolish Social Security and Medicare
verifiable:   "A third of all the young people in America are not in America today because of abortion, because one in three pregnancies end in abortion."
verifiable:Rick Santorum says one of every three pregnancies ends in an abortion
verifiable:   "Ultimately, after an exhaustive investigation," the National Transportation Safety Board concluded that a Minneapolis bridge collapsed in 2007 "because of an original design flaw dating back to the 1960s."
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty writes that NTSB ruled Minneapolis bridge collapse stemmed from 1960s-era flaws
verifiable:   "One. That's the number of new drilling permits under the Obama administration since they came into office."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann claims there has been just one new oil drilling permit issued since Obama took office
verifiable:   "Regime change (in Iraq) took eight years"
verifiable:Barack Obama says regime change in Iraq took eight years
verifiable:"American troops have never been under the formal control of another nation."  
verifiable:Karl Rove says that “American troops have never been under the formal control of another nation”
verifiable:   "A U.S. Government Accountability Office report says Planned Parenthood Federation of America cannot find some $1.3 billion given to it by the federal government from 2002 through 2008."
verifiable:Planned Parenthood funding: Did the GAO really find millions missing? 
verifiable:   On whether the United States should intervene in Libya.
verifiable:Newt Gingrich accused of flip-flopping on Libyan no-fly zone
verifiable:"Most Americans live within 50 miles of a nuclear power plant."  
verifiable:MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell: Most Americans live within 50 miles of a nuclear power plant
verifiable:   On the president unilaterally authorizing a military attack "that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation."
verifiable:Is Barack Obama's Libya intervention a flip-flop from what he said in 2007?
verifiable:       The U.S. gives foreign aid to Cuba and Venezuela, even though those countries are our enemies.  
verifiable:Ted Poe decries U.S. aid to Venezuela, Cuba
verifiable:"There is a growing body of evidence that radiation in excess of what the government says are the minimum amounts you should be exposed to are actually good for you and reduce cases of cancer."  
verifiable:Ann Coulter says exposure to low levels of radiation is good for you, reduces cancer risk
verifiable:   The coalition of Arab states against Libya’s Moammar Gadhafi is the biggest coalition against a fellow Arab leader since the Persian Gulf War in 1990-1991.
verifiable:Robin Wright says coalition against Gadhafi is widest by Arab nations since 1991
verifiable:   "The Congressional Budget Office has this economic model where they measure the economy going forward, and they are now telling us that the entire economy crashes in the year 2037 because their computer simulation can't conceive of any way in which the U.S. economy can continue."
verifiable:Paul Ryan says CBO model of economy self-destructs due to rising deficits in 2037
verifiable:   Says the majority of Americans support gay marriage.
verifiable:Anne Hathaway and other celebs sign letter urging President Obama to join the 'majority of Americans' in support of gay marriage
verifiable:   "Twenty percent of our electricity currently comes from nuclear power plants. I think there are 104 in the United States, two of them around the coast in California."
verifiable:Bill Kristol says 20 percent of U.S. electricity comes from nuclear power
verifiable:Federal spending is "all discretionary, other than interest on the national debt. Social Security is discretionary. We have the discretion to change the law. Same is true with Medicare and Medicaid."  
verifiable:George Will says all federal spending is ultimately "discretionary"
verifiable:   "Oil production from federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico reached an all-time high" in 2010.
verifiable:Barack Obama says Gulf oil production hit record level in 2010
verifiable:   "Last year, American oil production reached its highest level since 2003."
verifiable:Barack Obama says U.S. oil production last year was highest since 2003
verifiable:   "2008: Unions Spent $400 Million to Elect Obama."
verifiable:The RNC said unions raised $400 million for Obama in 2008
verifiable:   "For the first time in more than a decade, imports accounted for less than half of (the oil) we consumed."
verifiable:President Obama says that for the first time in more than a decade, oil imports accounted for less than half of what the U.S. consumed
verifiable:   A bill that would halt the EPA from regulating greenhouse gases would help "stop rising gas prices."
verifiable:Fred Upton says pending bill to block EPA curbs of greenhouse gases will 'stop rising gas prices'
verifiable:   "We now work the longest hours of any people around the world."
verifiable:Sen. Bernie Sanders says Americans now work the longest hours of any people around the world
verifiable:   Says it’s a "statistical reality that most single moms are very poor, under-educated, can't get a job, and if it weren't for government assistance, their kids would be starving to death."
verifiable:Mike Huckabee says single moms 'very poor, under-educated, can't get a job'
verifiable:   "Any child born prematurely, according to the president, in his own words, can be killed."
verifiable:Rick Santorum said Obama said "any child" born prematurely "can be killed"
verifiable:   Says iPads and iPhones "are built in the United States of America."
verifiable:John McCain errs in saying iPads, iPhones are made in the USA
verifiable:   "Secretly, unbeknownst to members of Congress, over $105 billion was hidden in the Obamacare legislation."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann charges health care bill spent $105 billion 'secretly'
verifiable:   "Under the clear letter of the law, (Justice Clarence Thomas) must recuse himself" from the case challenging the constitutionality of the health care law.
verifiable:Rep. Anthony Weiner: Law clear that Justice Clarence Thomas must recuse himself from health care case
verifiable:   Says Justice Elena Kagan recused herself in "many cases where she had little role" as solicitor general, simply because of the appearance of a conflict of interest.
verifiable:Rep. Anthony Weiner says Elena Kagan has recused herself on Supreme Court even when she didn't have to
verifiable:   Under Gov. Scott Walker’s proposals, "Money is being taken away from workers, and the tax breaks given to major corporations. "  
verifiable:Wisconsin ad says workers get pay taken away but major corporations get tax breaks
verifiable:Says Michelle Obama has 43 people on her staff; Nancy Reagan had just 3.  
verifiable:Glenn Beck says First Lady Michelle Obama has 43 on her staff while Nancy Reagan had just 3
verifiable:   Says the Army is spending $7 million to sponsor a NASCAR team.
verifiable:Rep. Betty McCollum says Army spends millions on NASCAR team sponsorship
verifiable:   Says Rep. Paul Ryan’s budget "roadmap … doesn't balance the budget until the 2060s and … adds an unthinkable $62 trillion to the national debt between now and then."
verifiable:Matt Miller blasts deficit, debt implications of Paul Ryan's budget proposal
verifiable:   The 2006 Massachusetts health care law has "added (only) about 1 percent to our state budget."
verifiable:Deval Patrick said the Massachusetts health care law added 1 percent to the state budget.
verifiable:   Says Barack Obama grew up in Kenya.
verifiable:Mike Huckabee said Barack Obama grew up in Kenya
verifiable:   "Most federal employees do not have collective bargaining for benefits, nor for pay."
verifiable:Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker says most federal employees do not have collective bargaining for benefits or pay
verifiable:   Says that in a hearing, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords suggested to Gen. David Petraeus that the Army "put more emphasis on less environmentally damaging methods, like stabbing or clubbing enemy forces in order to minimize the carbon output."
verifiable:Chain e-mail on Gabrielle Giffords treats satire as truth
verifiable:"The right-to-work states have much lower level of unemployment than the union states do."  
verifiable:Bill O'Reilly says unemployment is lower in 'right-to-work' states
verifiable:   "From 2003 to 2006, 'Sesame Street' made more than $211 million from toy and consumer product sales."
verifiable:Sen. Jim DeMint takes aim at the "Muppet Lobby"
verifiable:   If there’s a government shutdown, "people don’t get their Social Security checks."
verifiable:Barack Obama says if there's a government shutdown, Social Security checks won't get sent
verifiable:   "Every (Wisconsin) legislator that votes for this bill" will have to "give up the same amount of pay" as other state employees.
verifiable:Fitzgerald: Wisconsin legislators would have to give up the same amount of pay as other state employees
verifiable:   The five states that outlaw collective bargaining for teachers all rank below 44th in the nation in test scores, while Wisconsin ranks 2nd.
verifiable:Labor union supporters say Wisconsin test scores vastly outpace those in five states without collective bargaining for teachers
verifiable:In Wisconsin, teachers make $89,000 in salary and benefits, compared to $48,000 for all other workers in the United States.  
verifiable:Fox Business Network's Eric Bolling says Wisconsin teachers get compensated nearly double those in private sector
verifiable:"The (Wisconsin) governor has proposed tax giveaways to corporations."  
verifiable:Donna Brazile said that the Wisconsin governor proposes tax breaks for business
verifiable:   The president’s proposed budget "will help reduce the deficit by $400 billion over the next decade to the lowest level since Dwight Eisenhower was president."
verifiable:Barack Obama says his budget will bring deficit to lowest level since Eisenhower
verifiable:If Wisconsin's governor cuts perquisites as much as he plans to do, "it would still leave (workers) better off than their private sector" counterparts.  
verifiable:George Will says Wisconsin governor's benefits proposal would still leave workers better off than those in private sector
verifiable:"The  firefighters, the policemen and others who supported (Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker) in his election bid ... don't have to worry about their collective bargaining rights."  
verifiable:Donna Brazile says that unions that supported Scott Walker are exempt from restrictions on collective bargaining
verifiable:   The government will "go out and buy my breast pump for my babies."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says the government will buy you a breast pump for your baby.
verifiable:   The federal government "can cut all of the non-military discretionary spending and not balance the budget."
verifiable:Rand Paul says zeroing out non-military discretionary spending can't balance the budget alone
verifiable:   "Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security."
verifiable:Mitch Daniels says interest on debt will soon exceed security spending
verifiable:   The White House budget plan will bring domestic discretionary spending to its lowest share of our economy since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
verifiable:Obama says domestic spending headed to lowest level since Eisenhower
verifiable:   The Obama administration "actually cut out the democracy in Egypt funds inside the State Department."
verifiable:Newt Gingrich accuses Obama administration of cutting democracy funds for Egypt
verifiable:   "Across the board, violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the Right to Carry is lower than in areas that prevent it."
verifiable:Wayne LaPierre said that violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the 'right to carry' is lower than in areas that prevent it.
verifiable:   "Over the last two years since President Obama has taken office, the federal government has added 200,000 new federal jobs."
verifiable:John Boehner says 200,000 new federal jobs have sprouted since start of Obama's term
verifiable:   Under the White House’s budget proposal, "we will not be adding more to the national debt" by the middle of the decade.
verifiable:Barack Obama says White House budget would not add to the debt within a few years
verifiable:The Muslim Brotherhood has "openly stated they want to declare war on Israel."  
verifiable:Glenn Beck says Muslim Brotherhood wants to declare war on Israel
verifiable:   "The people that went to school with (Barack Obama), they never saw him, they don't know who he is."
verifiable:Donald Trump says people who went to school with Obama never saw him
verifiable:   Since Sept. 11, 2001, "270,000 Americans were killed by gunfire at home."
verifiable:Doonesbury strip says 270,000 Americans have been killed by guns since 9/11
verifiable:Orrin Hatch co-sponsored a 1993 health care bill that had an individual mandate.  
verifiable:Hatch once supported an individual mandate, said Cenk Uygur
verifiable:   "In the month of January, Canada created more new jobs than we did."
verifiable:Mitt Romney tells CPAC that Canada created more jobs in January than the U.S. did
verifiable:   "Today there are more men and women out of work in America than there are people working in Canada."
verifiable:Mitt Romney tells CPAC that more are out of work in U.S. than employed in Canada
verifiable:   "If you shut down Amtrak's Northeast Corridor, it's estimated you'd have to add seven new lanes to I-95 to accommodate the increased traffic."
verifiable:Joe Biden says that closing Amtrak's Northeast Corridor would force I-95 to expand by seven lanes
verifiable:   "Today, American companies have nearly $2 trillion sitting on their balance sheets."
verifiable:Obama says companies have nearly $2 trillion sitting on their balance sheets
verifiable:Fox News "said the New Black Panther Party decided the election for Barack Obama."  
verifiable:Rachel Maddow says Fox News 'said the New Black Panther Party decided the election for Barack Obama'
verifiable:   Foreign Trade Zones allow U.S. "land to be inhabited by Chinese communists -- communists straight from China! They are to set up little towns and live here."
verifiable:Chain e-mail claims that Foreign Trade Zones are a Chinese communist plot
verifiable:The majority of people in polls do "not support Obamacare."  
verifiable:The majority of people in polls do "not support Obamacare"
verifiable:Tells President Barack Obama that he also asked former President George W. Bush about how he felt about Americans hating him.  
verifiable:Bill O'Reilly tells Obama he also asked Bush about people hating him
verifiable:   Twelve judges have thrown out legal challenges to the health care law because they rejected "the notion that the health care law was unconstitutional."
verifiable:President Obama says 12 judges have rejected "the notion that the health care law was unconstitutional"
verifiable:   "Some politicians … want to put new taxes on a lot of groceries."
verifiable:Americans Against Food Taxes' ad during Super Bowl raises specter of soda, snack taxes
verifiable:   "I lowered taxes over the last two years."
verifiable:Barack Obama said he lowered taxes over the past two years
verifiable:   "I didn't raise taxes once."
verifiable:President Barack Obama says he didn't raise taxes once.
verifiable:Many of the 9/11 conspirators came from the Muslim Brotherhood, including Osama bin Laden, Ayman Zawahiri and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.  
verifiable:Glenn Beck on al-Qaida links to Muslim Brotherhood
verifiable:   Israel's per capita income "is greater than probably three-fourths of the rest of the world."
verifiable:Rand Paul says Israel's per capita income "is greater than probably three-fourths of the rest of the world."
verifiable:Under Hosni Mubarak's rule, "Egypt received more American dollars than any country besides Israel."  
verifiable:Egypt got more foreign aid than anyone besides Israel, says New York Times columnist Ross Douthat
verifiable:   Nevada will be "energy independent within the immediate future."
verifiable:Nevada will be "energy independent within the immediate future"
verifiable:   In the 1980s, "The lowest income people had the biggest gains."
verifiable:'Wall Street Journal's' Steve Moore claims low income people saw the biggest gains during the 1980s
verifiable:   "From 1980 to 1990, the top 1 percent saw their income go up by roughly 80 percent" while "the median wage in the country over (the same) 10 years went up 3 percent."
verifiable:Rachel Maddow tangles with 'Wall Street Journal's' Steve Moore over Reagan tax cuts and income inequality
verifiable:   "Despite claims that you can 'keep the health care plan you like,' the Obama Administration has predicted that as many as 7 out of 10 Americans with employer-provided health coverage could lose their current health plan."
verifiable:Rep. Blake Farenthold says health care law will force 70 percent of workers to lose their current plan
verifiable:   In the past 20 years, Egypt has made "great strides" in political and democratic reform.
verifiable:Egyptian ambassador claims Egypt has made "great strides" in political and democratic reform
verifiable:   "Veterans can now download their electronic medical records with a click of the mouse."
verifiable:President Obama says veterans can now access their electronic medical records online
verifiable:   Says government is a barrier to innovation and development.
verifiable:Rep. Paul Broun says innovation would flower if government 'would get out of the way'
verifiable:   Says President Barack Obama revealed in his State of the Union address that he "now is against earmarks."
verifiable:Rand Paul says tea party pushed Barack Obama to shift view on earmarks
verifiable:   "We're borrowing 40 cents of every dollar we spend."
verifiable:Kent Conrad said we're borrowing 40 cents of every dollar we spend
verifiable:   "The American people say, don't touch Social Security, don't touch Medicare, don't cut defense. That's 84 percent of the federal budget."
verifiable:Kent Conrad said 84 percent of the budget is Social Security, Medicare and defense
verifiable:   The health care law "is accelerating our country toward bankruptcy."
verifiable:Rep. Paul Ryan claims health care law "is accelerating our country toward bankruptcy"
verifiable:   "While the government grew, we lost more than 2 million jobs."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann, in State of the Union rebuttal, says government employment grew as jobs overall declined
verifiable:   The federal government "now tells us which light bulbs to buy."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says the government tells us what light bulbs to buy
verifiable:   "The Interior Department is in charge of salmon while they're in fresh water, but the Commerce Department handles them when they're in saltwater."
verifiable:Obama says the one department regulates salmon in freshwater and another regulates them in saltwater
verifiable:   The federal government "may put 16,500 IRS agents in charge of policing President Obama's health care bill."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann repeats claim that health care bill will require 16,500 new IRS agents
verifiable:   "The White House promised us that all the spending would keep unemployment under 8 percent."
verifiable:Rep. Michele Bachmann says White House promised stimulus would keep unemployment below 8 percent 
verifiable:   "The debt will soon eclipse our entire economy."
verifiable:Paul Ryan, in State of the Union response, says U.S. debt will soon eclipse GDP
verifiable:   The United States has "one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world."
verifiable:Barack Obama in State of the Union says U.S. corporate tax rate is among world's highest
verifiable:   "We are living with a legacy of deficit-spending that began almost a decade ago."
verifiable:Ten years of deficits? Even more than that
verifiable:   "As many as a quarter of our students aren’t even finishing high school."
verifiable:Barack Obama in State of the Union says up to a quarter of U.S. high schoolers drop out
verifiable:   "Two years after the worst recession most of us have ever known ... corporate profits are up."    
verifiable:Barack Obama in State of the Union says corporate profits are up over the past two years
verifiable:Poll results from the past 35 years show that State of the Union speeches "do not move" presidential approval numbers.  
verifiable:Matthew Dowd says there's no evidence of a State of the Union 'bounce'
verifiable:   The health care law includes tort reform.
verifiable:Tort reform in the health care law? No
verifiable:The financial regulatory bill "will kill jobs."  
verifiable:Mike Pence says Dodd-Frank financial regulation bill "will kill jobs"
verifiable:   The health care law is "job killing."
verifiable:The health care law a "job killer"? The evidence falls short
verifiable:   Between 2000 and 2006,  "health insurance company profits quadrupled."    
verifiable:Rep. Chris Van Hollen says insurance company profits quadrupled
verifiable:   "Between the year 2000 and 2006, (insurance) premiums in this country doubled."
verifiable:Rep, Chris Van Hollen says insurance premiums doubled between 2000 and 2006
verifiable:   "The refusal of many federal employees to fly coach costs taxpayers $146 million annually."
verifiable:Newsmax courts readers with statistic about federal waste in airline tickets
verifiable:The White House "branded" the memorial service for the Tucson shootings with a "Together We Thrive" logo and slogan.  
verifiable:Did the White House "brand" the Arizona memorial service with a logo and slogan?
verifiable:   "When we look at the number of murders in the United States (in) 2009, we had 9,500 people murdered. When we look around the world, we see ... large countries, the U.K., Germany, Japan had 200 or less killed in a year."
verifiable:Frank Lautenberg says U.S. has 9,500 gun murders a year, compared to 200 or less in other nations
verifiable:   Says she condemned violence at a campaign stop in Arizona in March.
verifiable:Sarah Palin said "violence isn't the answer" at a March campaign rally
verifiable:   Members of Congress and their families and staff are exempt from repaying student loans.
verifiable:Do members of Congress have to pay back student loans? Yes. 
verifiable:"Saturday's shootings reflect a disturbing trend. Mass shootings have become commonplace since the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007. There have been dozens of incidents where three or more people have been fatally wounded. Hundreds have died."  
verifiable:"This Week" report says hundreds have died in multiple-victim shootings
verifiable:   In preparing a rules package for the 112th Congress, the GOP had no discussions with Democrats.
verifiable:Steny Hoyer says GOP didn't consult with Democrats on new House rules package
verifiable:   "The Democratic majority led the 111th Congress to spend more money in two years than the first 100 congresses before them combined."
verifiable:Kevin McCarthy says 111th Congress spent more in two years than the first 100 congresses combined
verifiable:   "We can save $125 billion in simply not giving out money to Medicare recipients that don't exist for procedures that didn't happen."
verifiable:Rep. Darrell Issa claims government could save $125 billion by not paying improper Medicare claims
verifiable:"We have the highest (corporate tax rates) in the world right now."  
verifiable:Pat Toomey says U.S. has highest corporate tax rates in the world
verifiable:   "CEOs now earn 431 times what their workers earn."
verifiable:Bumper sticker says CEOs rake in the equivalent of a worker's yearly pay every two days
verifiable:   "Since January 2008 the private sector has lost nearly 8 million jobs while local, state and federal governments added 590,000."
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty repeats questionable statistic on growth of federal workforce
verifiable:   "When Social Security was passed, there were all kinds of lawsuits," just as there have been in the legal battle over the new health care law.
verifiable:Barack Obama compares legal battle over health care to 1930s fight over Social Security
verifiable:   "One in 19 Americans today get SSDI or SSI. That's one in 19 Americans (who) are disabled."
verifiable:Tom Coburn says one of every 19 Americans gets SSDI or SSI payments
verifiable:   Under the compromise tax agreement, "99.7% of American families will not pay 1 nickel in an estate tax."
verifiable:Sen. Bernie Sanders says 99.7% of American families would be exempt from estate tax
verifiable:   The Obama-GOP compromise "raises taxes, it raises the death tax."
verifiable:Sen. Jim DeMint says proposed tax compromise includes estate tax hike
verifiable:"Barack Obama is in an economy that's only worsened since he's been president of the United States."  
verifiable:Matthew Dowd says economy has "only worsened" under Obama
verifiable:   "Last year, ExxonMobil made $19 billion in profit. Guess what. They paid zero in taxes. They got a $156 million refund from the IRS."
verifiable:Bernie Sanders says ExxonMobil paid no taxes in 2009, but that's inaccurate
verifiable:   In 2007, "the top 1 percent of all income earners in the United States made 23.5 percent of all income," which is "more than the entire bottom 50 percent."
verifiable:Bernie Sanders, in viral speech, says top 1 percent earn more than 23 percent of U.S. income
verifiable:   There are "10 or 20 deaths a year from foodborne illness" in the United States.
verifiable:Tom Coburn says that only 10 to 20 people die annually from foodborne illnesses
verifiable:   When President Franklin D. Roosevelt started Social Security, "it only affected widows and orphans," and when Medicare began, "it was a small program."
verifiable:Barack Obama off in description of how Social Security, Medicare evolved
verifiable:   "There are polls showing right now that the American people for the most part think it's a bad idea to provide tax cuts to the wealthy."
verifiable:Barack Obama says American public believes 'it's a bad idea to provide tax cuts to the wealthy'
verifiable:   "The senior senator from Arizona (John McCain) said he couldn't support repealing 'don't ask, don't tell' because of the economy."
verifiable:Sen. Harry Reid says Sen. John McCain opposes 'don't ask, don't tell' due to economy
verifiable:   The Pentagon's survey about the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy found that 92 percent of service members "agree that they could serve ... in a unit in combat" without compromising "mission readiness."
verifiable:Wesley Clark says 92 percent of troops surveyed would have no problem after a "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" repeal
verifiable:   The DREAM Act the "would give amnesty to over two million illegal aliens."
verifiable:RightMarch.com claims DREAM Act would provide amnesty to two million illegal immigrants
verifiable:   Says the CBO estimates that fully extending the Bush tax cuts would add 600,000-1.4 million jobs in 2011 and 900,000-2.7 million jobs in 2012.
verifiable:National Association of Manufacturers cites CBO support for job creation powers of full Bush tax cut extension
verifiable:   "I have won more elections than any chairman since 1938."
verifiable:RNC Chair Michael Steele boasts that he has won more elections than any chairman since 1938
verifiable:   "The American people spoke pretty loudly. They said stop all the looming tax hikes...."
verifiable:John Boehner says "the American people spoke pretty loudly. They said stop all the looming tax hikes"
verifiable:   "Pls refer to Jan.1 tax changes appropriately: they're OBAMA TAX HIKES & they'll slam every American's savings, investments & job opportunity"
verifiable:'Obama tax hikes'? Just as easily call them the Bush tax hikes. 
verifiable:   New food safety legislation will regulate backyard gardening.
verifiable:Food safety law to regulate your backyard garden? No, it doesn't.
verifiable:   "Historically," Senate ratification of arms control treaties "has been bipartisan."
verifiable:Adm. Mike Mullen says past arms treaty ratifications have been bipartisan
verifiable:   Obama's position on nuclear arms is a "march toward global zero."
verifiable:Sen. Jon Kyl says Obama nuclear arms policy is a "march toward zero"
verifiable:   Said the Washington Post argued that a failure to pass the START treaty this year would be "no calamity," and that the Associated Press said "the administration concedes the security risk is not immediate."
verifiable:Jon Kyl cites Washington Post editorial, AP fact-check as support for position on START treaty
verifiable:   "Eliminating earmarks does not reduce spending."
verifiable:Richard Lugar says ending earmarks won't save money
verifiable:   The radiation coming from the new TSA body scanners is "equivalent to about three minutes' worth of air travel by anybody, say, at 30,000 feet."
verifiable:TSA administrator claims new body scanners emit as much radiation as three minutes of air travel
verifiable:   Small businesses that have "$250,000 in gross sales for the business. They're the ones that are looking at massive tax increases."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann says $250,000 in gross sales means a tax increase.
verifiable:A proposal to reduce the deficit "involved large tax cuts for the top bracket."  
verifiable:Paul Krugman said Obama's deficit co-chairs suggested tax cuts for the rich
verifiable:A recent report from the president's deficit commission was "completely empty" on controlling health care costs.  
verifiable:Paul Krugman said Obama's deficit co-chairs had no ideas for controlling health care costs
verifiable:   Federal spending is "the highest it's been as a share of our economy in 60 years (and) revenue is the lowest it's been as a share of our economy in 60 years."
verifiable:Kent Conrad says federal spending's share of GDP is at 60-year peak, tax revenues at 60-year low
verifiable:   "We now consume at the federal level 25 percent of the gross domestic product. Historically we were at 20 percent. So we've taken 5 percent away from the private sector."
verifiable:Rand Paul says federal spending has risen to 25 percent of GDP
verifiable:   "My debt to GDP was the lowest or one of the lowest of modern presidents. My taxes to GDP was the lowest and my spending to GDP" was too.
verifiable:Former President George W. Bush defends his fiscal record
verifiable:   "The average federal employee makes $120,000 a year. The average private employee makes $60,000 a year."
verifiable:Rand Paul says federal workers paid $120,000, private-sector workers only $60,000
verifiable:   Grocery prices "have risen significantly over the past year or so."  
verifiable:Who's right on food inflation: Sarah Palin or the Wall Street Journal?
verifiable:   "One of the interesting things about the Recovery Act was most of the projects came in under budget, faster than expected, because there's just not a lot of work there."  
verifiable:Obama claims most stimulus projects have come in under budget, faster than expected
verifiable:"Anybody who is familiar with the historical data from the IRS knows that raising income tax rates will likely actually reduce federal revenues."  
verifiable:Mike Pence says raising taxes lowers tax revenues
verifiable:   "The interest on the debt now is going to approach in the next couple of years ... what we spend in the national defense budget."  
verifiable:Rand Paul says that federal interest burden will approach cost of defense spending in a "couple of years"
verifiable:   When Obama took office "the economy of the United States was actually shrinking for the first time in about 70 years."  
verifiable:Tim Kaine said economy shrank for the first time in '09
verifiable:   "The president of the United States will be taking a trip over to India that is expected to cost the taxpayers $200 million a day."  
verifiable:Rep. Michele Bachmann claims Obama's trip to India will cost the taxpayers $200 million a day
verifiable:   "Congresswoman Kathy Castor voted to spend $2.6 million to teach prostitutes in China to drink responsibly."  
verifiable:Mike Prendergast mailer says Kathy Castor voted for $2.6 million to teach prostitutes in China to drink responsibly 
verifiable:   Says John Raese said he wants "1,000 laser systems put in the sky, and we need it right now."  
verifiable:Lasers in the sky? The military is trying it.
verifiable:   Members of Congress did not have three days to read the bill "when the stimulus was rushed into law."
verifiable:John Boehner says stimulus bill was 'rushed' to passage
verifiable:   "The Republican leader of the Senate said his main goal after this election is simply to win the next one."  
verifiable:President Barack Obama claims Mitch McConnell says his main goal is for GOP to regain the White House
verifiable:   "North Dakota's economy is reeling."  
verifiable:Crossroads GPS says North Dakota's economy is 'reeling,' but is it?
verifiable:   Sen. Harry Reid voted "against declaring English our national language, twice."  
verifiable:Sharron Angle says Sen. Harry Reid twice voted against making English the national language
verifiable:   Blames Mike McIntyre and Nancy Pelosi for the second straight year of no cost-of-living increases for Social Security beneficiaries.  
verifiable:NRCC targets Mike McIntyre over Social Security
verifiable:   "We have empowered state insurance commissioners to review the rate hikes that are taking place in states. And in some states like North Carolina, they have already used it and rolled back premium increases by 25 percent."  
verifiable:Obama said states have new power to review insurance rate hikes
verifiable:   "Before we even passed health care, 4 millions kids got health insurance that didn't have it before, through the Children's Health Insurance Program."  
verifiable:Obama said he got health care insurance for 4 million kids 
verifiable:   Stabilizing the recent financial crisis "will cost less than 1 percent of GDP," which is less than the 2.5 percent to fix the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s.  
verifiable:Barack Obama says current financial recovery has been less expensive than S&L cleanup of '80s
verifiable:   "Most of the jobs that we lost were lost before the economic policies we put in place had any effect."  
verifiable:Obama says most job losses occurred before his economic policies took hold
verifiable:   The health care bill "cuts the deficit by over $1 trillion dollars."  
verifiable:Barack Obama tells Jon Stewart the health care bill cuts the deficit by over $1 trillion dollars
verifiable:   As CEO of WWE, Linda McMahon "was caught tipping off a ringside physician" about a federal investigation into illegally distributing steroids to wrestlers.  
verifiable:DSCC claims Linda McMahon tipped off ringside physician about steroids investigation
verifiable:Dan Seals has been running for office "since before there were, like, iPods."  
verifiable:Robert Dold targets Dan Seals in Illinois race using a talking sea lion
verifiable:   Ed Perlmutter voted for "Viagra for rapists" paid for with tax dollars.  
verifiable:Ed Perlmutter voted for Viagra for sex offenders, paid for by health care bill? Nope 
verifiable:   "Michael Bennet cast the deciding vote" for the stimulus and the health care bill.  
verifiable:NRSC attacks Michael Bennet for casting 'the deciding vote' for stimulus, health care
verifiable:   "When President, then candidate, Obama was asked to disclose some of his donors because there was suspicion of their being the foreign source of money into his campaign, they refused to do it."  
verifiable:Michael Steele says Obama's claims hypocritical: that his presidential campaign was asked to disclose donors and refused
verifiable:   "More private-sector jobs were created in the first eight months of 2010 than in the eight years of the Bush administration."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says more private sector jobs created in 2010 than in eight years under Bush
verifiable:   The new health care law will "force seniors into Barack Obama's government-run health care program."  
verifiable:The health care law forces seniors into Barack Obama's government-run health care plan, says Dan Coats
verifiable:"Fiorina's plan would mean slashing Social Security and Medicare."  
verifiable:Barbara Boxer says Carly Fiorina would penalize the elderly to balance the books 
verifiable:Jerry Brown "gave California state employees collective bargaining powers" and "now, state employees can retire at 55 with much of their salary for life."  
verifiable:Meg Whitman ad blames Brown for too-generous state pensions 
verifiable:   "You worked hard for your money and you paid your taxes when you earned it. Now, (Indiana Republican congressional candidate) Todd Young wants to tax it again when you spend it."  
verifiable:SEIU blasts Indiana GOP challenger Todd Young over 'Fair Tax' stance
verifiable:"Carly Fiorina, she's against banning assault weapons."  
verifiable:Barbara Boxer says Carly Fiorina is against banning assault weapons
verifiable:   Pat Toomey "still supports privatizing Social Security."  
verifiable:Joe Sestak says Pat Toomey "still supports privatizing Social Security"
verifiable:   The Seattle Times called Patty Murray "a 'prolific sponsor of earmarks.' Patty even defended the 'Bridge to Nowhere.' "  
verifiable:Earmark attack on Patty Murray rings mostly true
verifiable:As state treasurer, Alexi Giannoulias "lost $73 million in our kids’ college savings."  
verifiable:Mark Kirk campaign ads say Alexi Giannoulias lost $73 million in our kids’ college savings
verifiable:   Under the new health care law, "the first person (a) patient has to go to is a bureaucrat. That is called a panel."  
verifiable:John Raese says health care law forces patients to go to a bureaucrat before a doctor
verifiable:"Mark Kirk: Lied about going to war. Opposed middle class tax cuts. And said unemployment’s not that big an issue."  
verifiable:Alexi Giannoulias attacks Mark Kirk on tax cuts, statements about military service and unemployment
verifiable:   Rand Paul wants "to end all federal faith-based initiatives, and even end the deduction for religious charities."  
verifiable:Jack Conway says Rand Paul would end faith-based initiatives, religious charity deduction
verifiable:   Ken Buck wants to "outlaw abortion, even in cases of rape or incest."  
verifiable:Ken Buck opposes abortion, including cases of rape or incest
verifiable:   The new health care law crushes small businesses "with billions in penalties."  
verifiable:U.S. Chamber says health care law hammers small businesses in an attack on Betsy Markey, D-Colo.
verifiable:   "We haven't yet taken out a negative ad."  
verifiable:Christine O'Donnell says she hasn't run a negative ad
verifiable:   "John Boozman is excited about putting a 23 percent national sales tax on everything you buy."  
verifiable:Blanche Lincoln Ad highlights 23 percent sales tax in "Fair Tax" supported by John Boozman
verifiable:   "Sharron Angle voted to protect sex offenders."  
verifiable:Harry Reid blasts Sharron Angle for vote against bill to boost sex-offender background checks
verifiable:   Chris Coons has "Marxist beliefs."  
verifiable:Christine O'Donnell claims Chris Coons has "Marxist beliefs"
verifiable:   New Castle County's unemployment rate has not almost doubled in the last two years.  
verifiable:In debate, Chris Coons says Christine O'Donnell is wrong on county unemployment rate
verifiable:   John Raese's wife "is registered to vote in Florida so she can't even vote for him."  
verifiable:Joe Manchin attacks John Raese for wife registered to vote in Florida
verifiable:   "One man (New Castle, Del., County Executive, Chris Coons) thought property taxes should be hiked almost 50 percent."  
verifiable:Christine O'Donnell ad accuses Chris Coons of proposing property tax hikes totaling 50 percent
verifiable:   Delaware Democratic Senate candidate Chris Coons "thought that a 911 call should be taxed."  
verifiable:Christine O'Donnell attacks Chris Coons for raising taxes to fund 911 in spooky new ad
verifiable:   Says Illinois gubernatorial candidate Bill Brady's first priority after winning the primary "was to sponsor a bill that would mass-euthanize sheltered dogs and cats in gas chambers."  
verifiable:Pat Quinn blasts Bill Brady for sponsoring bill on pet euthanasia in Illinois gubernatorial race
verifiable:Just like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, "the AFL-CIO receives dues from foreign entities associated with it."  
verifiable:George Will claims AFL-CIO receives dues from foreign entities associated with it - just like U.S. Chamber of Commerce
verifiable:   "Groups that receive foreign money are spending huge sums to influence American elections."  
verifiable:President Barack Obama says foreign money coming in to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce may be helping to fund attack ads
verifiable:   Harry Reid "voted to use taxpayer dollars to pay for Viagra for convicted child molesters and sex offenders."  
verifiable:Sharron Angle attacks Harry Reid over giving sex offenders taxpayer-subsidized Viagra
verifiable:   Rand Paul "wants us to pay $2,000 just to get Medicare."  
verifiable:Jack Conway says Rand Paul backs a $2,000 deductible for Medicare
verifiable:   Sen. Barbara Boxer "voted against immigration reform to permit (Hispanic immigrants) people to come here legally to work."  
verifiable:Spanish language ad claims Sen. Barbara Boxer voted against immigration reform
verifiable:"Since Debbie Halvorson has been in politics, Illinois has lost hundreds of thousands of jobs."  
verifiable:Adam Kinzinger says "hundreds of thousands" of Illinois jobs lost during Debbie Halvorson's career
verifiable:   Arkansas Democratic congressional candidate Chad Causey "was a Washington, D.C. bureaucrat."  
verifiable:NRCC blasts Arkansas Democratic candidate Chad Causey for having been a "bureaucrat"
verifiable:   In most Muslim countries, "We can't have a church. We're not able to build synagogues. It's forbidden."  
verifiable:Rev. Franklin Graham says churches and synagogues are forbidden in most Muslim countries
verifiable:    Says Roy Blunt "secretly inserts language to benefit tobacco giant Philip Morris" into a national security bill while "Blunt's girlfriend and son are lobbyists for the cigarette company, and just days earlier, 26 Philip Morris executives wrote checks to Blunt totaling $23,000."  
verifiable:Commonsense Ten ad accuses Roy Blunt of secretly adding provision to benefit tobacco giant Philip Morris while girlfriend and son lobbied for the company
verifiable:   "Barbara Boxer voted to cut spending on Medicare benefits by $500 billion, cuts so costly to hospitals and nursing homes that they could stop taking Medicare altogether."  
verifiable:Ad against Barbara Boxer says hospitals might stop taking Medicare. We find that unlikely. 
verifiable:   The Chilean "privatization scheme" that Sharron Angle supports "has resulted in hidden fees, fewer benefits, and millions of people with no coverage."  
verifiable:Patriot Majority PAC conjures up Chilean dictator in attack on Sharron Angle
verifiable:   The Republican election platform "was actually written with the help of a former lobbyist for AIG and a former lobbyist for Exxon-Mobil."  
verifiable:Former lobbyists wrote "A Pledge to America"? Not plural, and help is questionable
verifiable:   "We now have our kids go to school about a month less than most other advanced countries."  
verifiable:President Barack Obama says kids in U.S. need longer school years
verifiable:   Rep. Paul Hodes, D-N.H., "voted for the pork-filled stimulus bill -- $1.9 million to study ants in Africa, $39 million for office upgrades for politicians."  
verifiable:Ants in the stimulus? Office space for politicians? Ad attacks New Hampshire Senate candidate
verifiable:   Says Joe Sestak "voted to gut Medicare ... reducing benefits for 854,489 seniors" and jeopardizing "access to care for millions."  
verifiable:Crossroads GPS ad blasts Joe Sestak for vote to "gut Medicare"
verifiable:   Independent groups behind ads attacking Democratic candidates are "front groups for foreign-controlled companies."  
verifiable:David Axelrod says independent groups behind ads attacking Democratic candidates are front groups for foreign-controlled companies
verifiable:   The GOP's "Pledge to America" includes "a 20 percent cut ... for education. ... Eight million kids would have their college aid slashed under this budget."  
verifiable:David Axelrod says GOP "Pledge" would cut education by 20 percent, "slash" student aid for 8 million
verifiable:   Says Rand Paul thinks drug-dealing, theft, burglary and prostitution should be decriminalized.  
verifiable:Jack Conway campaign ad accuses Rand Paul of being soft on crime
verifiable:   Says Zack Space voted for budgets and debt, energy taxes and the stimulus, and "we still lost more than 2.5 million jobs."  
verifiable:Americans for Job Security targets Zack Space, other Dems on their agenda
verifiable:   Says John Boehner "admits 'we are not going to be any different than we’ve been' " by returning to "the same failed economic policies" that "wrecked our economy."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi cites John Boehner in saying GOP plans return to old economic policies
verifiable:   Children born today will carry a $30,000 share of the national debt.  
verifiable:"Mourning in America" ad echoing Reagan classic gets its numbers right
verifiable:   "We paid down the debt for four years -- paid down $600 billion on the national debt."  
verifiable:Bill Clinton says his administration paid down the debt
verifiable:   It's "not true" that since he's been the president, executions in Iran have increased by four times.  
verifiable:Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad denies executions are up fourfold
verifiable:   Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani "was never sentenced to stoning."  
verifiable:Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claims woman was never sentenced to stoning
verifiable:   The Bush administration had been "giving (auto companies) billions of dollars and just asking nothing in return."  
verifiable:Obama says Bush administration put no conditions on aid to auto companies
verifiable:   "Our tax rates are lower now than they were under Ronald Reagan. They're much lower than they were under Dwight Eisenhower."
verifiable:Barack Obama says taxes are lower today than under Reagan, Eisenhower
verifiable:   "There's a big chunk of the country that thinks that I have been too soft on Wall Street."  
verifiable:Obama too soft on Wall Street? Public worries about Wall Street's influence
verifiable:   "Speaker Pelosi ... has been busy sticking the taxpayer with her $100,000 bar tab for alcohol on the military jets that she's flying."  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann accuses Nancy Pelosi of spending $100,000 on alcohol for flights
verifiable:   The new health care law "will cut $500 billion from Medicare. That will hurt the quality of our care."  
verifiable:Medicare 'cuts' in the health care law will hurt seniors, says 60 Plus Association
verifiable:"Do you know that we have pipes carrying natural gas in this country that are made of wood? I'm not joking."  
verifiable:Bill Maher says that some natural gas pipes are made of wood
verifiable:"As the CEO of HP, Carly Fiorina laid off 30,000 workers."  
verifiable:Ad from Sen. Barbara Boxer attacks Carly Fiorina for layoffs at HP 
verifiable:   Harry Reid has voted "to give special tax breaks to illegal aliens."  
verifiable:Sharron Angle calls Harry Reid "the best friend an illegal alien ever had"
verifiable:   Harry Reid has voted "to give illegals Social Security benefits even for the time they were here illegally."  
verifiable:Sharron Angle says Harry Reid wants to give illegals Social Security benefits
verifiable:"Taxes went down under Jerry Brown."  
verifiable:Jerry Brown raised taxes? Not overall
verifiable:   Taxpayers pay $18,000 a month for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's district office in downtown San Francisco.   
verifiable:GOP rival says Nancy Pelosi's San Francisco office rent is over-the-rainbow high and downright wicked
verifiable:"Over 10 years, (extending tax cuts for the wealthy) would add less to the deficit than Obama added with the stimulus in one year."  
verifiable:George Will says tax cuts for wealthy cost less over 10 years than stimulus did in one year
verifiable:   John Boehner has called for "repealing the rest of the stimulus, which would raise taxes on 110 million middle class people."  
verifiable:Austan Goolsbee says John Boehner wants to repeal stimulus tax cuts
verifiable:   Extending current tax rates would "average more than $100,000 a year to millionaires and even billionaires."  
verifiable:Goolsbee says millionaires' tax cuts average $100,000
verifiable:   Says John Boehner changed his position on extending Bush tax cuts.  
verifiable:Is Robert Gibbs right to call John Boehner's stance on tax extensions a "change in position"?
verifiable:   John Boehner wants to reopen a tax loophole "that actually rewarded corporations for shipping jobs and profits overseas."  
verifiable:Obama said Boehner opposes tax rule to keep profits and jobs in the USA
verifiable:"There have been more terrorist attacks on U.S. soil by ... Muslims in Obama's first 18 months in office than in the six years under Bush after he invaded Iraq."  
verifiable:Ann Coulter says there have been more terrorist attacks in U.S. under Obama
verifiable:Proposed tax changes are a "handout" to BP.  
verifiable:National Taxpayers Union ad blasts tax proposal as "handout" for BP
verifiable:   "When these same Republicans –- including Mr. Boehner –- were in charge, the number of earmarks and pet projects went up, not down."  
verifiable:Obama says Republican Congresses used lots of earmarks
verifiable:   The Richardson-Denish administration "gave" 50,000 driver's licenses to illegal immigrants in New Mexico.  
verifiable:Republican candidate says opponent Denish put 50,000 illegal immigrants behind wheels
verifiable:   "On (Rob Portman's) watch as Bush's trade czar, our deficit with China exploded" and "as Bush's budget chief, Portman oversaw a spending spree that doubled the deficit."  
verifiable:Lee Fisher hammers Rob Portman on record in Bush administration
verifiable:   "Our law enforcement agencies have found bodies in the desert, either buried or just lying out there, that have been beheaded."  
verifiable:Gov. Jan Brewer talks of beheadings in the Arizona desert
verifiable:   John Boehner said the jobs of "teachers and nurses and police officers and firefighters" are "'government jobs' that weren't worth saving."  
verifiable:Obama says Boehner doesn't think jobs for teachers, police, firefighters are worth saving
verifiable:"The president's party always gets shellacked in midterms. It's only twice, 1934 and 2002, that the president's party actually gained in both the House and the Senate."  
verifiable:Do presidents always get "shellacked" in midterm elections?
verifiable:Likens Obama's predicament to 1982, saying, "when Reagan just started out, (unemployment was at) exactly the same point. He was two years into his term. The unemployment was well over 10 percent, and it did come out of it."  
verifiable:How similar were the recessions under Ronald Reagan, Barack Obama?
verifiable:"I asked (then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice) how many people had died and she did not know the answer to that question."  
verifiable:Sen. Barbara Boxer says Condoleezza Rice didn't know how many troops had died in Iraq
verifiable:   "Buck wants to privatize Social Security."      
verifiable:Bennet says Ken Buck wants to privatize Social Security
verifiable:   John Boozman supports "privatizing Social Security"  
verifiable: Sen. Lincoln says Boozman wants to privatize Social Security.
verifiable:   Dan Webster supports "privatization of Social Security, deep cuts in Social Security."  
verifiable:Debbie Wasserman Schultz says Daniel Webster supports privatization, cuts to Social Security
verifiable:   "The states that actually have lots of teachers in teacher unions tend to be the states that have done the best in terms of academic success in this country."      
verifiable:Randi Weingarten says students in strong union states perform better academically
verifiable:   Sharron Angle "would eliminate the Department of Education."  
verifiable:Harry Reid says Sharron Angle wants to eliminate the Education Department
verifiable:   "Pat Toomey thinks corporations shouldn't pay any taxes."  
verifiable:Joe Sestak hits Pat Toomey for supporting zero corporate taxes
verifiable:   McDonald's in England only sells organic milk and free-range eggs, which provides more nutritious offerings than in the U.S.  
verifiable:Chef Jamie Oliver praises McDonald's in England
verifiable:"Forty-five percent of those who've been unemployed, they've been unemployed for six months or longer."  
verifiable:Donna Brazile says 45 percent of unemployed have been jobless for at least six months
verifiable:   "In this country, we have a 25 percent dropout rate."  
verifiable:Education Secretary Arne Duncan says one-quarter of U.S. students drop out
verifiable:   "The Obama Health and Human Services Department is planning to compile a federal health record on all U.S. citizens by 2014," including "each individual’s Body Mass Index."  
verifiable:Ann Marie Buerkle, GOP candidate, says under new health law, feds will track Americans' body mass index
verifiable:"The federal government is now on track" for the second-largest budget deficit "in 65 years."  
verifiable:Beck claims U.S. on track for second-biggest deficit in 65 years
verifiable:"The government is trying to now close the Lincoln Memorial for any kind of large gatherings."  
verifiable:Glenn Beck claims government is trying to close Lincoln Memorial to large gatherings
verifiable:   Republicans "don't think it's a good idea" to make the child care tax credit "stronger."  
verifiable: Obama says Republicans oppose strengthening the child care tax credit
verifiable:   President Obama is a Muslim.  
verifiable:Obama a Muslim? No he's not. The evidence has not changed.
verifiable:   "The seed of Muslim is passed through the father."  
verifiable:Graham said the "seed of Islam" passes through the father to Obama. We found widespread disagreement.
verifiable:   "There is already a mosque four blocks away."  
verifiable:Mayor Michael Bloomberg argues against "no-mosque zone"; says there's already a mosque four blocks from Ground Zero
verifiable:   "Obama’s stimulus, passed in his first month in office, will cost more than the entire Iraq War."  
verifiable:Did the stimulus cost more than the war in Iraq?
verifiable:   On birthright citizenship for illegal immigrants.    
verifiable:Reid bashes Republicans for a position on immigration that he once pushed
verifiable:   "Joe Sestak ... even wants to bring back the death tax, letting the IRS take half of your savings when you die."  
verifiable:Pat Toomey hits Joe Sestak on estate tax, but leaves out some details
verifiable:   "This is not a mosque. It's a cultural center that has a prayer area."      
verifiable:Is the "Ground Zero Mosque" not even a mosque?
verifiable:   Under the new health care law, "all real estate transactions will be subject to a 3.8% Sales Tax"  
verifiable:Health care law institutes a sales tax on home sales? No, it doesn't
verifiable:   "The Republicans have 2 percent of the Muslim vote.''  
verifiable:Crowd in GOP big tent doesn't include many Muslims  
verifiable:   A New York imam wants to "have a mosque at Ground Zero.''   
verifiable:Is the "Ground Zero Mosque" at Ground Zero?
verifiable:   "U.S. taxpayers are being forced to fund Feisal Abdul Rauf’s trip to the Middle East."  
verifiable:Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Peter King correct on federal funding of trip by New York imam
verifiable:   Republicans tried to block the deficit commission.  
verifiable:DNC chairman says Republicans blocked move to cut the deficit
verifiable:   "Some Republican leaders in Congress" are "pushing to make privatizing Social Security a key part of their legislative agenda if they win a majority in Congress this fall."  
verifiable:Barack Obama claims Republican leaders plan to privatize Social Security
verifiable:   The United States is "number 14, number 15" in college graduation rates, and "we're leading the world in high school dropout rates."  
verifiable:Laura Tyson correct that U.S. lags in college graduation rates but overstates severity of high school dropout numbers
verifiable:   "In 1935, more than 50% of the elderly population lived in poverty. Today that poverty rate stands officially at 9.4%."      
verifiable:Texas Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson says Social Security slashed poverty among the elderly
verifiable:   "Unemployment for those with college educations is now 4.5 percent. Unemployment for those with more than a college education, below 4 percent."  
verifiable:Laura Tyson says college grads have just 4.5 percent unemployment rate
verifiable:   "More than three-quarters of the oil is gone."  
verifiable:Carol Browner says three-quarters of the oil spilled in the Gulf is gone
verifiable:Obama's approval numbers 'are in the low 40s.'  
verifiable:Matthew Dowd says Obama's approval ratings are in the low 40s
verifiable:   Republicans are now "taking credit" for provisions of the health care bill "that they had tried to derail."      
verifiable:Democrats' op ed accuses Republicans of taking credit for provisions of the health care bill they once tried to derail 
verifiable:   The United States accounted for 26 percent of worldwide military spending during the Cold War, but now accounts for 41 percent.  
verifiable:Barney Frank says U.S. share of global defense spending higher than during the Cold War
verifiable:   A bill to aid state and local governments "is fully paid-for by closing costly corporate tax loopholes."  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says state-local aid bill is fully paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes
verifiable:"We know that tax cuts are remarkably un-stimulative when you compare them with different kinds of government spending."  
verifiable:Maddow claims spending is more stimulative than tax cuts
verifiable:"The overall fact about illegal immigration is that it's not actually getting worse."  
verifiable:Rachel Maddow says illegal immigration is declining
verifiable:   "The border security plan of Sens. McCain and Kyl called for 3,000 additional troops to keep us safe. President Obama says he'll send 524."  
verifiable:John McCain said he would add 3,000 troops to the border while Obama would add only 524
verifiable:   McCain opposed the border fence.  
verifiable:Hayworth claims McCain opposed the border fence
verifiable:   Despite the U.S. spending $10 billion on Iraq's electrical system, Baghdad still only gets five hours of electricity a day.  
verifiable:George Packer says despite U.S. investments, Baghdad still gets only five hours a day of electricity
verifiable:   "There's still about $400 billion or $500 billion of the stimulus plan that has not been spent. Why don't we stop it."  
verifiable:Rep. John Boehner proposes U.S. stop stimulus spending
verifiable:   About 106,000 soldiers had "a prescription of three weeks or more" for pain, depression or anxiety medication.  
verifiable:U.S. Army report documents problem of suicides in the military.
verifiable:   "People come here to have babies. They come here to drop a child. It's called 'drop and leave."  
verifiable:Fact-checking the claims about 'anchor babies' and whether illegal immigrants 'drop and leave'
verifiable:   Democrats do not have a plan for extending the Bush tax cuts.  
verifiable:Sarah Palin said Democrats have no plan to extend some of the Bush tax cuts
verifiable:   "Canada sets aside 36 percent of their visas for people with skills they think their country needs.  We set aside 6 percent."  
verifiable:Bloomberg claims Canada allows far more work visas than the U.S.
verifiable:   "Harry Reid says he does more for Nevada. He's done more for unemployment. We were at 4.4 percent. Now we're at 14 percent. He's done more for the foreclosure rate. We have the highest foreclosure rate in the nation. He's done more for bankruptcy. We have the highest bankruptcy rate in the nation."  
verifiable:Sharron Angle blames Harry Reid for Nevada economic woes
verifiable:   "Democrats are poised now to cause this largest tax increase in U.S. history."  
verifiable:Sarah Palin said Democrats are planning "the largest tax increase in U.S. history"
verifiable:   "Ninety-four percent of small businesses will face higher taxes under the Democrats' plan."  
verifiable:Lawmaker claims Democrats want to hit small businesses with tax increases
verifiable:   "Eight of the nine justices in the Supreme Court decision (on campaign finance) said that not only is it constitutional for Congress to require disclosure of the special interest money, but they recommend we do it."  
verifiable:Charles Schumer says Supreme Court Justices back campaign disclosure
verifiable:   House Democrats "have a two-to-one advantage money-wise" against House Republicans.  
verifiable:Nancy Pelosi says House Democrats have 2-to-1 lead in campaign funding for 2010
verifiable:   "This is the first time since the Depression that unemployment has stayed above 9 percent for two consecutive years."  
verifiable:John Boehner says unemployment has exceeded 9 percent for two years running
verifiable:The Bush administration "pulled the troops out of Afghanistan, pulled the resources away, because they wanted to invade Iraq instead."  
verifiable:Number deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan show one war got a lot more troops
verifiable:During the recession, "the consumer in his native perversity has begun to save. The savings rate is now 6.2 percent."  
verifiable:George Will says personal saving rate has increased during recession
verifiable:   When Obama went to Pakistan in 1981, he could not have been traveling as a U.S. citizen.  
verifiable:E-mail says Obama had to have been traveling on another country's passport to get into Pakistan 
verifiable:   A transcript released by Occidental College proves that Barack Obama was an Indonesian citizen.  
verifiable:E-mail claims Obama's college transcripts reveal Indonesian citizenship
verifiable:   Justice Antonin Scalia agreed for the Supreme Court to hear a case about whether Barack Obama is eligible to be President.  
verifiable:E-mail claims Supreme Court agreed to rule on Obama's citizenship 
verifiable:   "Tim Pawlenty has cut education funding in Minnesota. Classrooms are overcrowded. Districts have gone to four-day school weeks."  
verifiable:Mark Dayton says Gov. Tim Pawlenty cut education spending
verifiable:   "I don't think the argument can be credibly made that the United States of America is undertaxed compared to our competitors."  
verifiable:Tim Pawlenty says the U.S. is not undertaxed compared to its competitors
verifiable:   The president's budget "would take ... non-defense spending to its lowest level ... as a percentage of the economy since JFK."  
verifiable:Barack Obama says his budget would lower non-defense spending to JFK levels
verifiable:Over the last 10 years, incomes for the top 1 percent "have grown." Meanwhile, the bottom half of the country, "they've seen their wages stagnate."  
verifiable:Brazile claims income has grown for the top 1 percent; stagnates for the bottom half
verifiable:"25 percent of our economy is the financial sector."  
verifiable:On "Meet the Press", David Gregory says financial sector equals 25 percent of U.S. economy
verifiable:   The Latino unemployment rate is higher than the white rate and the black rate is higher than the Latino rate.  
verifiable:Marc Morial correct on unemployment rates for whites, blacks, Latinos
verifiable:   People in the top tax bracket, "these so-called wealthy, most of them are small-business owners."  
verifiable:So-called wealthy are actually small business owners? The data is dubious
verifiable:   "For every dollar we put in unemployment, it pays back about $1.60."  
verifiable:Lawmaker claims unemployment benefits boost economic growth
verifiable:   "We've seen six months of positive job growth by the private sector."  
verifiable:Geithner claims U.S. had six months of positive job growth in the private sector
verifiable:   Shirley Sherrod "was forced to resign before anybody on Fox said a word about this."  
verifiable:Fox News handling Sherrod story defended by 'Weekly Standard's' Stephen Hayes
verifiable:   "Jane Norton supported the largest tax hike in Colorado history."  
verifiable:Jane Norton supported Referendum C -- so did the voters
verifiable:   The "state bureaucracy" Jane Norton managed "grew by $43 million in just three years."  
verifiable:Jane Norton's Public Health and Environment Department had some funding increase, some funding decrease
verifiable:   "Ken Buck's (District Attorney's) office? His spending skyrocketed by 40 percent."  
verifiable:Ken Buck's budget increased, but commissioners said it was justified
verifiable:   In New Mexico, Democratic gubernatorial candidate Diane Denish "spent federal stimulus funds on campaign Christmas cards."  
verifiable:In New Mexico gubernatorial race, Susana Martinez accuses Diane Denish of using federal dollars to pay for Christmas cards
verifiable:"Attorney General Eric Holder is involved in the dismissal of the criminal charges" against the New Black Panther Party for voter intimidation     
verifiable:O'Reilly blames Obama admin. for not pursuing criminal charges in New Black Panther Party case
verifiable:   "Of all the illegals in America, more than half come through Arizona."  
verifiable:Sheriff in McCain campaign ad claims more than half of illegal immigrants come through Arizona
verifiable:   "Recent data showed Nevada ranks 50th in the money received from" the stimulus bill.  
verifiable:American Crossroads ad attacking Reid on stimulus uses out-of-date data
verifiable:Democrats in the 1930s wanted President Franklin Roosevelt "to be more conservative."  
verifiable:George Will says Democrats in 1930s wanted FDR 'to be more conservative'
verifiable:   Obama's dog has his "own plane"  
verifiable:Bloggers claim Bo flies in his own plane
verifiable:"Should Democrats get their way, every income tax bracket will increase on Jan. 1, 2011. Every single one."  
verifiable:Mike Pence says Democrats want all of Bush tax cuts to expire
verifiable:   "Sixty percent of the Hispanics" support the Arizona immigration law  
verifiable:Immigration law author claims 60 percent of Arizona Hispanics support the measure
verifiable:   "I never called for a partition" of Iraq.  
verifiable:Joe Biden says he never called for partition of Iraq
verifiable:   "The health care numbers are going up."  
verifiable:Joe Biden says health care approval increasing
verifiable:   "We're not engaged in nation-building" in Afghanistan.  
verifiable:Joe Biden says U.S. 'is not engaged in nation-building' in Afghanistan
verifiable:   Russ Feingold "voted against the law that protected our lakes" and "was the only Great Lakes senator to vote no."  
verifiable:Ron Johnson campaign ad blasts Russ Feingold for record on Great Lakes oil drilling
verifiable:   As a Congressman, J.D. Hayworth was an avid earmarker who supported such pork as "$220,000 to renovate a Maine Blueberry farm" and "$5.8 million for a Vermont snowmobile trail."  
verifiable:John McCain campaign ad labels J.D. Hayworth an "avid earmarker"
verifiable:   The Obama administration will give Pennsylvania $160 million to pay for health insurance plans that cover "any legal abortion."  
verifiable:Abortions in Pennsylvania paid for with federal dollars? Not so.
verifiable:   "We had 2 percent of the global market (for advanced batteries) when he (Obama) started. We now have 16 percent, headed to 40 percent by 2015."  
verifiable:David Axelrod says U.S. will have 40 percent of global market for advanced batteries by 2015
verifiable:   "We went from losing 3 million jobs in the last six months of the Bush Administration," adding almost 600,000 private sector jobs in the first six months of the year.  
verifiable:Joe Biden lauds Obama's job creation record
verifiable:   "We're spending $1 trillion a year on our foreign policy."  
verifiable:Ron Paul says U.S. spends $1 trillion on foreign policy
verifiable:   "Most" of the Bush tax cuts went to people "in the top 3 percent of this country."  
verifiable:Jim McDermott says to 3 percent got majority of benefit from Bush tax cuts
verifiable:   Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. had "52 months of ... uninterrupted job creation" and "revenues were at an all-time high in 2007."  
verifiable:Gillespie touts Bush record on taxes, job creation
verifiable:   Republicans extended unemployment insurance under President Bush "when he asked to extend unemployment insurance."  
verifiable:Republicans supported unemployment insurance under Bush
verifiable:   On whether BP's $20 billion fund to compensate oil spill victims is "a slush fund."  
verifiable:Sharron Angle flip-flops on BP oil spill 'slush fund'
verifiable:Says that President Obama said if Congress passed the economic stimulus bill, "we would have unemployment at 8 percent and no higher. And it went higher."  
verifiable:Will: Obama said stimulus would cap unemployment at 8 percent
verifiable:"Forty percent of the undocumented workers in this country" entered the U.S. legally and "overstayed their visa."  
verifiable:Democratic Rep. Gutierrez says 40 percent of illegal immigrants overstay visas
verifiable:   "The top 1 percent pay over half of the entire revenue for this country."  
verifiable:Trent Franks says top 1 percent pays over half of the entire revenue for U.S.
verifiable:The U.S. "only ranks 25th worldwide on defense spending as a percentage of GDP."
verifiable:Palin says U.S. ranks 25th in defense spending ranking
verifiable:"We spend three times more on entitlements and debt services than we do on defense."
verifiable:Palin says U.S. spends three times more on entitlements and debt service than on defense
verifiable:"Subsidies for oil and gas companies make up 88 percent of all federal subsidies. Just cutting the oil and gas subsidies out would save the U.S. government $45 billion every year."  
verifiable:Olbermann says oil and gas subsidies account for 88 percent of all federal subsidies
verifiable:"At his father's bank, Alexi made tens of millions in risky loans to convicted mobsters. Then, the bank collapsed."  
verifiable:Senate candidate Mark Kirk says rival gave mobsters bank loans
verifiable:"He (Kirk) did violate Pentagon rules, twice actually, for improperly mingling politics with his military service."
verifiable:Alexi Giannoulias says Kirk mixed politics and military service
verifiable:"Alexi Giannoulias' top aide was a longtime BP lobbyist."  
verifiable:Illinois GOP Senate candidate Mark Kirk smears opponent with BP link
verifiable:"Law enforcement in the state of Arizona supports" the state's new immigration law.
verifiable:Jan Brewer says law enforcement supports Arizona's immigration law 
verifiable:"Crime is down in Arizona."
verifiable:Bloomberg's Al Hunt says crime is down in Arizona
verifiable:As a senator, Barack Obama supported "an amendment that basically gutted the legal temporary worker program."
verifiable:John McCain said that Barack Obama voted against part of immigration reform
verifiable:"There are mechanisms in place to shut down the Internet privately."
verifiable:Glenn Beck host says Obama may soon be able to shut down the Internet
verifiable:Japan's "interest on its own debt" is "25 percent of its national budget"  
verifiable:Senor inflates Japan's interest payments
verifiable:"President Barack Obama has deported more people in his first year in office than George W. Bush in his last year in office."
verifiable:Obama deported more people in his first year than Bush did in his last, Spanish-language news anchor says
verifiable:John McCain "began his career in Washington as a lobbyist when he was appointed in 1976 as the Navy's liaison to the United States Senate."
verifiable:Hayworth claims McCain was a lobbyist too -- for the U.S. Navy
verifiable:"Today, we have more boots on the ground near the Southwest border than at any time in our history."
verifiable:U.S. has more border patrol agents on the border with Mexico than ever, but debate goes on
verifiable:On the use of presidentially appointed commissions.
verifiable:Obama flip-flops on use of presidential commissions
verifiable:During the year Kagan barred military recruiters from Harvard Law School's Office of Career Services, "military recruiting actually went up."
verifiable:Kagan says at the height of military recuitment controversy at Harvard Law School, military recruitment actually went up
verifiable:"The majority of the people that are coming to Arizona and trespassing are now becoming drug mules."  
verifiable:Arizona Gov. Brewer says 'majority' of illegals are 'drug mules'
verifiable:"In her first appellate argument, Ms. Kagan told the court that the speech and press guarantees in the First Amendment would allow the federal government to ban the publication of pamphlets discussing political issues before an election."
verifiable:Sen. Jeff Sessions says Kagan argued government could ban political pamphlets 
verifiable:On whether a U.S. Supreme Court nominee should be forthcoming at confirmation hearings.
verifiable:Elena Kagan's law review article said Supreme Court nominees should be forthcoming
verifiable:It was President Obama's "inaction that caused over three weeks to go by before he even approved the governor's plan to protect our marsh."
verifiable:Scalise blames Obama for 'inaction' on berm plan to contain oil spill
verifiable:"The ABA's own criteria for a judicial nominee call for, among other things, at least 12 years' experience in the practice of law, and they mean actual practice of law."
verifiable:Kyl says American Bar Association calls for 12 years of experience in practice of law
verifiable:Canada "does spills into their water to practice in the event that this would happen. That is not allowed in the United States."
verifiable:Sen. Mary Landrieu says U.S. doesn't allow open-water oil spill practice
verifiable:"Every day, oil continues to pour into the Gulf of Mexico. ... Even with disaster on our coast..., Richard Burr voted to let big oil off the hook."  
verifiable:Liberal group's ad hypes oil spill link in Senate vote
verifiable:"Sharron Angle wants to wipe out Social Security."
verifiable:During the primary, Angle said Social Security "can't be fixed"
verifiable:Sharron Angle supported "a Scientology plan to give massages to prisoners."
verifiable:Reid ad claims Angle supported a Scientology plan to give massages to prisoners
verifiable:The national debt "has gone up by $1,729,000,000 during the Isner v. Mahut match."
verifiable:Vern Buchanan estimates debt growth during marathon Wimbledon match
verifiable:With his decision on whether to fire Gen. Stanley McChrystal, President Obama "has to fix yet another problem he inherited from the Bush administration."  
verifiable:Ed Schultz says McChrystal was Obama "problem" inherited from Bush
verifiable:"If the Republicans were the majority, (Rep. Barton) would have actually the gavel and the chairmanship."  
verifiable:Emanuel says BP apologist Rep. Barton would be chair of Energy and Commerce if GOP regains House
verifiable:Under President George W. Bush, "the national debt went from $5 trillion to $12 trillion."
verifiable:Durbin misstates debt growth during Bush years
verifiable:"We only have 2 percent of the oil reserves in the world, and we consume 25 percent of the world's oil on a daily basis."
verifiable:Markey says U.S. consumes 25 percent of world's oil despite having 2 percent of reserves
verifiable:"In the case of General Motors, the (Bush) administration wrote a check without asking for any conditions of change."  
verifiable:Bush asked for change at General Motors and gave Obama the ability to rescind loans
verifiable:"Obama put a 10 percent tax on tanning."
verifiable:Snooki says Obama put a 10 percent tax on tanning
verifiable:"We get 30 percent of our oil from the Gulf (of Mexico)."
verifiable:Hatch says '30 percent of our oil' comes from the Gulf
verifiable:"Without representation, (the IRS) can increase taxes."
verifiable:Alabama Congressional candidate Rick Barber's "Gather your armies" ad goes viral
verifiable:"Oil companies showered regulators (at the Minerals Management Service) with gifts and favors, and were essentially allowed to conduct their own safety inspections and write their own regulations."
verifiable:Obama blames MMS for being captive to oil industry
verifiable:"Ninety-four percent of the bills that pass the Senate have no debate, no vote, no amendments, no reading of the bill, no online disclosure."
verifiable:DeMint says 94 percent of bills are passed unanimously
verifiable:"I've issued a six-month moratorium on deepwater drilling."
verifiable:Obama says he issued a six-month moratorium on deepwater oil drilling 
verifiable:"Right now every single one of the (oil) companies here today and dozens of others are drilling for free in the Gulf of Mexico on leases that will cost American taxpayers more than $50 billion in lost royalties."
verifiable:Markey says oil companies pay nothing for Gulf drilling, costing taxpayers $50 billion
verifiable:"While Exxon Mobil has 40 pages on its media response strategy, its plan for resource protection is only five pages long and its plan for oil removal is just nine pages long."
verifiable:Exxon oil spill clean-up plan has long, detailed media-relations section
verifiable:John McCain "voted against the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003, wrongly claiming they helped only the rich."
verifiable:Hayworth says McCain voted against Bush tax cuts because they tilted toward the rich
verifiable:After J.D. Hayworth "was voted out of Congress, he became a registered lobbyist" who was "paid thousands by a Florida corporation to lobby the very committee he used to serve on."
verifiable:McCain accuses Hayworth of earning 'thousands' as a Washington lobbyist
verifiable:The Obama administration "has been constrained by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, which basically gives the responsible party the lead role in trying to not only fix the problem, but contain the problem."
verifiable:Oil Pollution Act trips up Brazile on ABC's 'This Week'
verifiable:Ninety percent of the people in Arkansas still love Bill Clinton.
verifiable:Brazile says Clinton loved by 90 percent of Arkansans
verifiable:"The Republicans didn't have a budget in '02, '04, '06."
verifiable:Hoyer says GOP 'didn't have a budget' in 2002, 2004, 2006
verifiable:"The House has never failed to pass a budget in the modern era."
verifiable:Boehner, defending GOP record, says House has always passed a budget resolution
verifiable:"A major part" of the climate change bill sponsored by Sens. John Kerry and Joe Lieberman "was essentially written by BP."  
verifiable:McConnell says that Kerry-Lieberman climate bill 'essentially written by BP'
verifiable:The final pitch of Don Larsen's perfect game in the 1956 World Series "was a foot and half probably high and outside."  
verifiable:George Will says final pitch by Don Larsen in 1956 was foot-and-a-half from strike zone
verifiable:"The 2000 Census cost $4.5 billion. The 2010 Census is set to cost up to $14.5 billion."  
verifiable:Glenn Beck takes a shot at the census
verifiable:California's credit rating is "the worst in the country."  
verifiable:Jerry Brown says California's not exactly the Golden state when it comes to credit ratings  
verifiable:Starting in 2011, "you will be required to pay taxes" on "the value of whatever health insurance you are given by the company."
verifiable:2011 W-2 tax forms and HR 3590: No, you won't have to pay taxes for health insurance
verifiable:"In 20 years there will be enough Muslim voters in the U.S. to elect the president by themselves."
verifiable:Chain e-mail claims Muslims will be a majority in U.S. in 20 years
verifiable:Presidents Hoover, Truman and Eisenhower collectively ordered the deportation of at least 15 million illegal aliens.
verifiable:Chain e-mail says three presidents deported a total of 15 million illegal immigrants
verifiable:Once the U.S. government signs a U.N. treaty on conventional arms, "all U.S. citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments."
verifiable:Chain e-mail says U.N. treaty would force U.S. to ban, confiscate guns
verifiable:Halliburton defrauded American taxpayers of "hundreds of millions of dollars in Iraq."  
verifiable:Halliburton, KBR, and Iraq war contracting: A history so far
verifiable:Barack Obama appeared in the video for 'Whoomp! (There it is!)'
verifiable:Whoomp! There he ain't! - No, that's not Obama in video
verifiable:"Every major study that has been done by a legitimate group ... shows that there are hundreds of thousands of jobs to be created if you pass our (cap-and-trade) legislation. And if you wind up pricing carbon."  
verifiable:Sen. Kerry says every legitimate study concludes his cap-and-trade bill would create jobs
verifiable:"We now actually import more oil than we did before 9/11."
verifiable:Kerry says U.S. imports more oil now than before 9/11
verifiable:Turkey is an Arab country.  
verifiable:Daily Kos founder admits slip-up on calling Turkey an Arab country
verifiable:"Barbara Boxer's worried about the weather" instead of terrorism as the biggest threat to national security.  
verifiable:Fiorina attacks Boxer for caring more about "the weather" than terrorism
verifiable:"This year, we have added an average of 200,000 jobs per month, a majority in the private sector, a stark contrast to the Bush Administration record of losing an average of nearly 750,000 jobs per month in its last three months."
verifiable:Pelosi touts Democratic record on job creation
verifiable:The American Power Act "would cut our dependence on oil in half."  
verifiable:VoteVets.org claims cap and trade bill would halve oil consumption
verifiable:"Sixty-four percent of Americans support the Arizona immigration law.''  
verifiable:Glenn Beck says President Obama is out of step with the nation on Arizona's immigration law
verifiable:"The Democratic Congress has already taken significant steps to create jobs and jump-start the economy, resulting in the lowest tax rates in over 50 years and the creation of over 500,000 new jobs so far this year."
verifiable:Critz touts Democratic role in low taxes, job creation
verifiable:"The Interior Department has only 30 days to review an exploration plan submitted by an oil company. That leaves no time for the appropriate environmental review. The result is, they are continually waived."
verifiable:Obama blames 30-day legal limit for role in oil spill
verifiable:As the CEO of eBay, "Whitman started a separate division that only sells porn."
verifiable:California Senate ad accuses Meg Whitman of selling porn on eBay
verifiable:The federal government only ordered BP to pay "to do one of those six segments" of sand barriers for Louisiana.
verifiable:Jindal slams Feds over skepticism about Louisiana plan to build sand barriers against the oil spill  
verifiable:"The president has added close to 68,000 troops in the last year, since he came into office, not just the 30,000 you hear, but the others that were added before that."
verifiable:Obama has increased troops in Afghanistan
verifiable:Sen. Barbara Boxer "passed only three bills in 18 years" into law.  
verifiable:'Hot Air' movie not accurate on Boxer's laws
verifiable:   Says he was "a Marine during Vietnam."  
verifiable:Dale Peterson was in the Marine Corps during the Vietnam War, but there's more to the story
verifiable:Says his opponent Dorman Grace brags on his Facebook page about receiving illegal campaign contributions.     
verifiable:Dale Peterson squawks about chicken farm campaign funds in Alabama Ag Commissioner race
verifiable:The Republican Party "fought very hard in the '60s to get the civil rights bill passed, as well as the voting rights bill."
verifiable:Steele says GOP fought hard for civil rights bills in 1960s
verifiable:Halliburton gave Dick Cheney a $34 million payout when he left the company to join the presidential ticket.  
verifiable:Chris Matthews says Cheney got $34 million payday from Halliburton
verifiable:The primary election results show Democrats are strong in Kentucky  because the Democratic candidates "both got more votes than Rand Paul  did."
verifiable:Kentucky Democrats got more votes than Republican Rand Paul, DNC chair says
verifiable:In Hawaii, "they don't have a history of throwing incumbents out of office."
verifiable:RNC chair Michael Steele says Republican victory in Hawaii boosts GOP chances
verifiable:"Sue Lowden gave Harry Reid's campaigns a thousand dollars in five different elections, helping his Senate dreams come true."
verifiable:Nevada GOP Senate candidate says rival was Democrat Harry Reid "insider''
verifiable:Steve Poizner "increased his department's budget nearly 14 percent."
verifiable:Whitman accuses Poizner of 14 percent budget increase
verifiable:California Republican gubernatorial hopeful Meg Whitman "contributed to, and campaigned, for" Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer.
verifiable:Poizner says Whitman supported liberal icon Barbara Boxer
verifiable:"Taxpayer-funded benefits to illegals" in California are "a skyrocketing cost under Obamacare."
verifiable:California GOP candidate blames Obama health care bill for "skyrocketing" health costs
verifiable:"Minnick voted to let the government fund abortion under Obamacare."
verifiable:Walt Minnick attacked on abortion issues tied to Obamacare
verifiable:California gubernatorial candidate Steve Poizner, a Republican, "gave $10,000 to Al Gore's recount" effort in 2000.
verifiable:In California race, Whitman says Poizner donated to Gore recount
verifiable:Elena Kagan "has published five scholarly review articles, mostly on administrative law and the First Amendment. These articles were mostly on technical and procedural issues."  
verifiable:Elena Kagan law articles not so easy to count
verifiable:Military "recruiting went on at Harvard every single day throughout the time (Kagan) was there."
verifiable:Sen. Leahy says military recruited every day Kagan was dean at Harvard Law School 
verifiable:Elena Kagan "violated the law of the United States at various points" with her opposition to military recruiters.
verifiable:Sessions says Kagan violated U.S. law regarding military recruitment at Harvard Law School
verifiable:Elena Kagan is "a New York City radical, Marxist lawyer through and through."  
verifiable:Michael Savage says Kagan is a Marxist
verifiable:"She (Kagan) took money from Goldman Sachs just like her boss, Obama."  
verifiable:Michael Savage says Kagan took money from Goldman Sachs just like her boss, Obama
verifiable:"Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu received almost $1.8 million from BP over the last decade."  
verifiable:Schultz claims that Landrieu got $1.8 million in BP PAC and employee contributions
verifiable:"In the last 10 years we've only had 7,000 barrels of oil spilled in the Gulf ... not counting hurricanes. This well is spewing that amount every day and a half."
verifiable:Landrieu says the Deepwater Horizon well is leaking 7,000 barrels of oil each day and a half
verifiable:Louisiana gets "not one single penny" from Gulf Coast offshore oil revenues.
verifiable:Landrieu says Louisiana doesn't get "one single penny" from offshore drilling
verifiable:Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, cast votes for TARP, the stimulus, and an individual mandate for health care.  
verifiable:George Will pegs Sen. Bennett's loss to votes on TARP, stimulus, health care
verifiable:On Sandra Day O'Connor: "I think one reason she was a good judge is she had no judicial experience" before she joined the Supreme Court.
verifiable:Reid claims O'Connor had no previous judicial experience
verifiable:Greece "has a GDP the size of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex."  
verifiable:Will says Greece's economy is same size as Dallas-Fort Worth's
verifiable:The president can "authorize the killing of a U.S. citizen who fights for a foreign terrorist organization."
verifiable:Lieberman says president can approve killing a U.S. citizen who affiliates with terrorists
verifiable:The Treaty of Tripoli signed by President John Adams was "his outreach to Muslims."  
verifiable:Countdown host says Founding Father reached out to Muslims
verifiable:On military recruiters at Harvard, Elena Kagan "took a position and the  Supreme Court ruled unanimously that she was wrong."
verifiable:Supreme Court rejected arguments Kagan promoted
verifiable:Says federal law enforcement officers cut off questioning of the Christmas Day underwear bomber by giving him a Miranda warning after 30 minutes of questioning.
verifiable:Giuliani says U.S. only questioned underwear bomber for 30 minutes before reading Miranda rights
verifiable:"We can prevent terror suspects from boarding an airplane, but the FBI doesn't have the power to block them from buying dynamite or an AK-47."
verifiable:Can suspected terrorists buy guns?
verifiable:Royalties for oil and other energy sources are the "second-largest revenue source to the federal government after the IRS."
verifiable:Issa says oil royalties trail only taxes in generating revenue for the federal government
verifiable:"Up until two weeks ago, John McCain was a leading proponent of amnesty. Now with me challenging him, suddenly he has changed."
verifiable:Rival says he's forced John McCain to drop amnesty for illegal immigrants 
verifiable:"This administration and this Congress have been systematically cutting funding to border security since the Democrats took control."  
verifiable:Republican Mike Pence says Obama cut budget for illegal immigration effort
verifiable:Under the Arizona immigration law, police are required to check immigration status if someone's "lawn is overgrown" or if a dog is "barking too loudly."
verifiable:Under Arizona immigration law, overgrown lawns, barking dogs could trigger questioning, lawmaker says
verifiable:Late changes to the Arizona immigration law "lay to rest questions over the possibility of racial profiling."
verifiable:Arizona immigration law rewrite 'lays to rest' worries about racial profiling, Brewer says
verifiable:"At the moment, energy companies spend 0.25 percent on R&D."  
verifiable:Vanden Heuvel claims the energy industry isn't investing much in research and development
verifiable:Numbers on illegal immigrants "are down in terms of apprehensions, which indicates fewer illegal crossings, but also up in terms of actual enforcement actions."
verifiable:Facts on illegal immigrants show nuances of "enforcement actions"
verifiable:A letter from BP to the Minerals Management Service "actually recommends  improvements and specific recommendations around safety regulations  should they choose to change them."
verifiable:BP letter to MMS urges reduced regulation
verifiable:"Brazil got off oil in the last 30 years."  
verifiable:Bill Maher and George Will spar over oil and Brazil. We play the ref.
verifiable:Alaska's Prince William Sound "is pristine now."  
verifiable:Rush Limbaugh says Alaska's Prince William Sound is now pristine
verifiable:Members of Congress "have not reduced their salaries ... since the Great Depression," meaning they've gone "eight decades without a pay cut."
verifiable:No congressional pay cuts since the Great Depression, Democratic lawmaker says
verifiable:Says a Bureau of Labor Statistics report attributed a sharp increase in work-related fatalities to "increasing numbers of employees and drivers could not read or understand warning signs in English."  
verifiable:Tim James: Report backs up claim that non-English speaking drivers pose safety hazard
verifiable: "Congress can tell [the Supreme Court] which cases they ought to hear. We have that authority."
verifiable:Specter says Congress can tell the Supreme Court what to consider
verifiable:The new Arizona immigration law "says that any police officer can stop anyone who appears to them to be reasonably suspicious of being an undocumented person."
verifiable:Arizona immigration law allows police to question 'anyone' who's 'reasonably suspicious' of being illegal
verifiable:Under the new Arizona immigration law, police can't stop someone to check their immigration status unless they think they see something illegal.
verifiable:Arizona immigration law requires police to see a crime before checking legal status, GOP state senator says
verifiable: "What the Arizona law does is make a state crime out of something that already is... a federal crime."  
verifiable:Will says Arizona law merely echoes federal immigration statutes
verifiable:GM has "repaid our government loan, in full, with interest, five years ahead of the original schedule."
verifiable:CEO says GM has repaid government loans in full 
verifiable:"Fifteen years ago, the assets of the six largest banks in this country totaled 17 percent of GDP ... The assets of the six largest banks in the United States today total 63 percent of GDP."
verifiable:Six largest banks getting bigger, Brown said
verifiable:"We researched to find out if anybody on Fox News had ever said you're going to jail if you don't buy health insurance. Nobody's ever said it."  
verifiable:O'Reilly says no one on Fox raised issue of jail time for not paying health coverage penalties
verifiable:The financial services bill will end "too-big-to-fail."
verifiable:Sherrod Brown says financial bill will end 'too-big-to-fail'
verifiable:The Banking Committee voted a 1,336-page bill "out of committee in 21 minutes with no amendments, with the understanding that before the bill came to the floor, we would reach this bipartisan agreement."
verifiable:Corker claims the financial regulation got a speedy vote
verifiable:"Obama did not open new lands to offshore drilling – all of these areas were already open for drilling once Congress and President Bush lifted the moratorium in 2008. Instead, President Obama yesterday announced what areas he would CLOSE to offshore drilling."
verifiable:Obama didn't expand offshore drilling, Boehner says
verifiable:"No member of the American public has ever been killed by commercial nuclear power — a record unmatched by other fuels."
verifiable:The facts on the risks of nuclear power plants
verifiable:"The vast majority of the money I got was from small donors all across the country.''
verifiable:Obama campaign financed by large donors, too
verifiable:In 2004, "20 percent of U.S. households were getting about 75 percent of their income from the federal government. ... Another 20 percent were receiving almost 40 percent."
verifiable:Paul Ryan's federal dole statistics omit important details
verifiable:The financial services regulatory bill "will end taxpayer bailouts."
verifiable:Reid says financial regulation bill 'will end taxpayer bailouts'
verifiable:New financial regulation "actually guarantees future bailouts of Wall Street banks."
verifiable:Bank bailouts not in bill, but liquidation is
verifiable:"Dubai is the only country with huge amounts of imported workers that's actually passed legislation to give these immigrant workers a better deal in the Middle East."
verifiable:Clinton says UAE only Middle East country to pass laws to address plight of immigrant workers
verifiable:Passage of Clinton budget bill in 1993 "led to an enormous flowering of the economy in America."
verifiable:Bill Clinton takes credit for "flowering" of economy in 1990s
verifiable:"I never had a filibuster-proof Senate."
verifiable:Bill Clinton says he never had a filibuster-proof Senate
verifiable:"The bill reported out of committee sets up a $50 billion slush fund that, while intended for resolving failing firms, is available for virtually any purpose that the treasury secretary sees fit."
verifiable:Sen. Richard Shelby overlooks safeguards in financial regulation bill
verifiable:"The fact is, in the past year we have had more tax cuts than almost any time in our nation's history."
verifiable:Cohen claims there are more tax cuts this year than almost any other in history
verifiable:"Americans now spend 100 days out of the year working for government before we even start working for ourselves."
verifiable:Palin says Americans spend 100 days paying off their tax burden
verifiable:When the United States "first created the federal income tax, frankly, nobody below a million dollars a year paid anything."
verifiable:Gingrich says that only millionaires paid first U.S. income tax
verifiable:"A filibuster has never really been successfully used against a Supreme Court justice."
verifiable:Toobin says a Supreme Court nominee has never been filibustered successfully
verifiable:"The permission to engage was given before the word RPG was ever used."
verifiable:Wikileaks founder Julian Assange tells Colbert permission to engage was given before the word RPG was ever used
verifiable:John Paul Stevens is the only Protestant on the U.S. Supreme Court.
verifiable:Colbert claims Justice John Paul Stevens is the last Protestant on the Supreme Court
verifiable:"I don't answer hypotheticals."
verifiable:Hillary Clinton doesn't answer hypothetical questions? Sometimes
verifiable:"No one questioned that she (Judge Sotomayor) was out of the mainstream."
verifiable:Schumer claims no one questioned that Sotomayor was out of the mainstream
verifiable:"The video doesn't show the broader picture of the firing that was going on at American troops."
verifiable:Gates said leaked military video of shooting in Iraq doesn't show the broader picture of Americans being fired upon 
verifiable:Says he did not say Republicans would filibuster immigration reform.
verifiable:Yuma's daily newspaper quoted Kyl saying Republicans would filibuster
verifiable:"The policy of the Bush administration was also not to add new nuclear capabilities."
verifiable:Defense Secretary Robert Gates says the Bush administration policy was also not to add new nuclear capabilities
verifiable:"President Obama himself attempted to filibuster Justice Alito, who  now sits on the Supreme Court."
verifiable:Obama criticized Supreme Court filibuster of Alito even as he joined it
verifiable:Obama said troops "whine about bearing the costs" of going to war.
verifiable:Fiction touted as fact in anti-Obama e-mail
verifiable:"Early census returns are showing that conservatives have been measurably less likely than liberals to return their census forms."
verifiable:Rep. Patrick McHenry claims early census returns are showing that conservatives are likely than liberals to return their census forms
verifiable:"The most private question on this year’s form asks for an individual’s race, and that question has been asked by every census since the 1790 census conducted under then-President George Washington."
verifiable:Rep. Patrick McHenry claims every census in history has asked for an individual’s race
verifiable:"This census is also the shortest and least intrusive count in modern history."
verifiable:Rep. Patrick McHenry claims the 2010 census is shortest in modern history
verifiable:On financial reform, there is "a million dollars being spent, per congressman, in lobbying expenses on this issue. (The) industry has four lobbyists per member of the House and Senate working on this."
verifiable:Financial reform draws many lobbyists
verifiable:"I never considered myself a maverick."
verifiable:McCain's ultimate maverick move, denial 
verifiable:"More people are driving under the influence of drugs than are driving under the influence of alcohol. A recent roadside survey showed that 16 percent of the people tested, tested positive for illicit or licit drugs. That's significantly higher than alcohol."  
verifiable:Drug czar says more people drive under influence of drugs than alcohol
verifiable:On recess appointments.
verifiable:Comparing Obama's recess appointment of Craig Becker with Bush's nomination of John Bolton
verifiable:"A lot of the ideas in terms of the (health insurance) exchange, just being able to pool and improve the purchasing power of individuals in the insurance market, that originated from the Heritage Foundation."
verifiable:Obama says Heritage Foundation is source of health exchange idea
verifiable:On oil drilling
verifiable:Once wobbly, Obama not inconsistent in latest oil drilling proposal 
verifiable:"The average student will be spending $1,700 to $1,800 more during the life of their loan because of this surcharge."
verifiable:New bill doesn't alter interest rate
verifiable:"The New England Journal of Medicine released a survey the week that President Obama signed Obamacare stating that over 30 percent of American physicians would leave the profession if the government took over health care."
verifiable:Bachmann claims New England Journal of Medicine survey found 30 percent of doctors would quit if health reform bill passed 
verifiable:"According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the IRS would need to hire over 16,000 people ... to audit the American people and impose the new taxes and mandates" of the health care bill.  
verifiable:Kirk says health care bill will lead IRS to hire more than 16,000 new employees
verifiable:"The American people will be appalled to learn the health care bill exempts (congressional) leadership and committee staff."
verifiable:Health bill appears to exempt some congressional staff   
verifiable:"Our national debt ... is on track to exceed the size of our entire economy ... in just two more years."
verifiable:Boehner says federal debt will equal GDP in two years
verifiable:The health care reform bill "is the largest tax increase in U.S. history."  
verifiable:Bush I, Clinton and Reagan all pushed taxes higher than the bump from Obama's health care bill
verifiable:"Joe, I keep hearing you every morning talking about the biggest tax increase in history, but you don't mention it's also the biggest tax cut in history.''
verifiable:Durbin's tax reduction claim doesn't cut it    
verifiable:The health care bill will subsidize families of four that make more than $80,000 a year.
verifiable:Hatch says that families earning more than $80,000 could get health care subsidies
verifiable:"There will be no public funding for abortion in this legislation."
verifiable:Stupak revises abortion stance on health care bill, citing Obama's executive order 
verifiable:The Iraq war has been "our longest war."
verifiable:Schieffer's timely reminder on Iraq war has one problem
verifiable:"Hospitals, doctors, MRIs, surgeries and so forth are more extensively used and far more expensive in this country than they are in many other countries.''
verifiable:Romney says hospitals, doctors, surgeries used more in U.S. 
verifiable:The Democratic health care bill will "collect higher taxes for 10 years  and provide health care for only six years."
verifiable:Tiahrt: Health care bill will collect 10 years of taxes for six years of services
verifiable:"Americans who get their insurance through the workplace, cost savings could be as much as $3,000 less per employee than if we do nothing."
verifiable:Obama says health reform legislation could reduce costs in employer plans by up to $3,000
verifiable:A national poll found that among people who oppose the Democratic health care reform bill, "almost 40 percent" opposed it not because it goes too far, but because "they don’t think it goes far enough. ... They will not be unhappy when we pass health care reform."
verifiable:Yarmuth: 40 percent of health care reform opponents say bill doesn't go far enough
verifiable:The Congressional Budget Office analysis of the health insurance reform legislation says the bill "cuts the deficit by $1.2 trillion in the second 10 years."
verifiable:Pelosi: CBO says health reform bill would cut deficits by $1.2 trillion in second decade
verifiable:"The Massachusetts Supreme Court...defined marriage as simply, quote, the establishment of intimacy ... I guess that would mean if you really had affection for your horse, I guess you could marry your horse."
verifiable:J.D. Hayworth claims Massachusetts ruling opens the door for man-horse marriage
verifiable:"There is no precedent for what the Democrats are doing with this deception. ... We have never written a reconciliation bill to amend a law that does not exist."
verifiable:Stearns says House Democrats trample procedures in health care vote 
verifiable:"Under the ruling of the Supreme Court, any lobbyist could go into any legislator and say, if you don't vote our way on this bill, we're going to run a million-dollar campaign against you in your district."
verifiable:Axelrod says Supreme Court ruling enables lobbyists to threaten lawmakers
verifiable:People "can't go fishing anymore because of Obama."
verifiable:Rush Limbaugh says because of Obama, people can't go fishing anymore
verifiable:"A government panel that didn't include cancer specialists says women shouldn't  receive mammograms until age 50...If government takes over health care,  recommendations like these could become the law for all kinds of diseases."
verifiable:Ad claims if health reform bill passes, government panel could make laws that limit preventive services like mammograms
verifiable:"The economy began its nose dive when Democrats took control of Congress in January 2007."
verifiable:Foxx blames recession on Democratic Congressional takeover
verifiable:Several times, Obama "has apologized for what he deems to be American arrogance, dismissiveness, and derision; for dictating solutions, for acting unilaterally ... ."  
verifiable:Obama's remarks never a true 'apology'
verifiable:"House  Appropriations Chair David Obey's partial earmark ban wouldn't apply to 90% of  earmarks."
verifiable:Sen. Jim DeMint says Obey's partial earmark ban wouldn't apply to 90% of earmarks
verifiable:"Health insurance companies' costs are only 4 percent of all health care spending."
verifiable:Health insurers get a small percentage of overall health care spending
verifiable:"We are the only industrialized nation that relies heavily on a for-profit medical insurance industry to provide basic health care."  
verifiable:Feinstein says U.S. is only nation to rely heavily on for-profit insurers for basic health care
verifiable:"Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011. This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ... A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS!!!"
verifiable:Obama's pay increase for the military based on formula
verifiable:In the Senate version of the health reform bill, "Every enrollee in the Office of Personnel Management enrolled plan, every enrollee has to pay a minimum of $1 per month towards reproductive rights, which includes abortion."
verifiable:Stupak says every enrollee in the Office of Personnel Management plan would have to to pay a minimum of $1 per month towards abortion
verifiable:"When we started this health care debate a year ago, 85 percent of the American people had health insurance, and 95 percent of the 85 percent were happy with it."  
verifiable:Will says that 95 percent of people with health insurance are satisfied with it
verifiable:The Senate version of the health care reform bill "allows taxpayer money to pay directly for abortion in federal community health centers funded in the bill."  
verifiable:Lipinski says Senate bill allows money to pay directly for abortion at community health centers
verifiable:George W. Bush was "the least popular president in modern history."  
verifiable:Milbank says Bush was 'least popular president in modern history'
verifiable:The health care bill will "create 4 million jobs, 400,000 jobs almost immediately."
verifiable:Pelosi claims that health care reform will create thousands of jobs
verifiable:"When Social Security started, age expectancy for the average man was 58. It was 62 -- 62 for women."  
verifiable:Glenn Beck gets numbers on Social Security and life expectancy correct
verifiable:On reconciliation
verifiable:Is Obama a hypocrite on reconciliation?
verifiable:Reconciliation was used "for tax cuts for the rich twice under Bush."
verifiable:Bush tax cuts were passed with reconciliation's 50 votes
verifiable:"President Obama's bill won't bring down the costs (of health care) for average Americans -- or really for very few Americans, if any."
verifiable:Bachmann says Democratic health care bill won't lower costs for average Americans
verifiable:"The lifespan of the average American is less than that of people in nations that spend far less (on health care). ... To put it bluntly, we spend more and die sooner."
verifiable:Romney says Americans pay more for health care but die sooner
verifiable:The Democrats' health care bills would end "the denial of ... coverage to those who have a pre-existing condition," while the Republican bill would not.
verifiable:Pelosi says Democrats tackle pre-existing conditions, Republicans don't
verifiable:"He (Obama) has done several things well. Most of those things are places where  he changed his view from where he had during the campaign. So, for instance, he's  left our troops in Iraq and they're being more successful there. He boosted our  effort in Afghanistan, which is the right course to take. He did not close  Guantanamo, thank heavens."
verifiable:Romney claims Obama's actions on Iraq, Afghanistan and Guantanamo run counter to his campaign positions
verifiable:In 2001, former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan "justified increasing spending and cutting taxes, saying that we didn't really need to pay down the debt."
verifiable:Greenspan gave approval to tax cuts only if deficits were tamed
verifiable:"The Republicans have repeatedly said that they agree with 80 percent of what's in our bill."
verifiable:Wasserman Schultz says Republicans regularly say they agree with 80 percent of health care bill
verifiable:The health care bill "dumps 15 to 18 million low-income Americans into a Medicaid program that none of us want to be a part of because 50 percent of doctors won't see new patients."
verifiable:Health care reform bill will expand Medicaid, increasing demands on doctors
verifiable:"I'm glad for the wording of it (an ethics report on corporate-sponsored Congressional trips) because clearly the wording exonerates me."
verifiable:Rangel says ethics report "exonerates" him
verifiable:"The costs for families (in the individual market) for the same type of coverage that they're currently receiving would go down 14 percent to 20 percent."
verifiable:Obama says under Democratic health plan, family insurance premiums in the individual market would decrease 14 to 20 percent
verifiable:The CBO found that the House Republican health care plan would lower premiums by "up to about 10 percent" and, for purchasers in the individual market, "those cost savings could even be higher."
verifiable:Boustany says GOP health plan would lower premiums
verifiable:"Since 1981, reconciliation has been used 21 times. Most of it's been used by Republicans."
verifiable:Reid says Republicans have used reconciliation more than Democrats
verifiable:"Congresswoman Bachmann actually said we should be  'weaned' off our Social Security and Medicare. She wants to privatize Social  Security and replace Medicare with some kind of voucher system." 
verifiable:Ad says Bachmann wants to 'wean' nation off entitlements, privatize Social Security
verifiable:"One of the most recent polls said 75 percent of the American people have said either don't do anything or start over (on health care reform)."
verifiable:Polls show public dubious on current health care proposals
verifiable:"We were promised (the stimulus) would provide 'green jobs' for Americans, but 80% of the $2 billion they spent on alternative energy went to purchase wind turbines built in China!"
verifiable:Palin claims that most of the renewable energy stimulus dollars have gone to Chinese turbinemakers
verifiable:"We have solved the problem. ... Scientists are now saying leave the nuclear waste where it is."
verifiable:Reid calls nuclear waste issue 'solved'
verifiable:The stimulus includes  "$219,000 to study  the sex lives of female college freshmen."
verifiable:McConnell claims stimulus includes $219,000 to study the sex lives of female college freshmen
verifiable:"$100,000 in  stimulus funds (were) used for a Martini Bar and Brazilian Steakhouse."
verifiable:McConnell says $100,000 in stimulus funds were used for a martini bar and Brazilian steakhouse
verifiable:The stimulus includes "$7 million to build a bridge in Thedford, Nebraska, to help 168 residents avoid a 30-second wait at a local train crossing. Not one full-time job will be created."
verifiable:Boehner says stimulus includes $7 million for bridge over railway to town of 168
verifiable:In the stimulus, "$15 million dollars  went to 'build a bigger, better airport' for the town of Ouzinkie, Alaska,  population 165."
verifiable:Boehner claims $15 million from stimulus going to an Alaskan airport that serves a village of 165
verifiable:The stimulus bill "didn’t create one new job."
verifiable:Scott Brown says stimulus 'didn't create one new job'
verifiable:"So far, the Recovery Act is responsible for the jobs of about 2 million Americans who would otherwise be unemployed. ... [And] the Recovery Act is on track to save or create another 1.5 million jobs in 2010."
verifiable:Obama says stimulus is responsible for 2 million jobs saved or created
verifiable:"In the three months before the act took  effect, America lost 750,000 jobs a month. In the last three months, we've lost  about 35,000 jobs a month."
verifiable:Biden says job losses have fallen from 750,000 per month to 35,000 per month
verifiable:"There have been three people tried and convicted by the last administration in military courts. Two are walking the street right now."
verifiable:Two of three convicted in military commissions have been released
verifiable:Among the money spent on health care in the United States, "46 cents on every dollar spent is through Medicare and Medicaid."
verifiable:Biden overstates role of Medicare, Medicaid in U.S. health care spending
verifiable:President Barack Obama's "initial response when we heard about the Christmas underwear bomber" was to say that "this was the act of an isolated extremist."
verifiable:Cheney says Obama initially said Christmas Day bomber was an 'isolated extremist'
verifiable:The Bush administration prosecuted 190 suspected terrorists in federal courts.
verifiable:Obama claims Bush administration got 190 terrorism convictions in federal court
verifiable:Despite touting the economic stimulus as a great triumph, "The very same report, however, notes that unemployment will average 10 percent for the rest of the year."
verifiable:Boehner says unemployment will stay at 10 percent this year
verifiable:Franklin Roosevelt never allocated more than 12 percent of GDP to federal spending, while the percentage for Barack Obama is not projected to drop below 22.8 percent.  
verifiable:Beck claims Obama has outspent even Franklin Roosevelt as a percent of GDP
verifiable:On the new dollar coins, "'In God We Trust' is gone!"
verifiable:E-mail claims 'In God We Trust' removed from dollar coins
verifiable:"A Democratic poll operation shows that Fox News is the most trusted news operation in the country."  
verifiable:O'Reilly claims poll shows that Fox News is the most trusted news operation
verifiable:One-third of the economic stimulus package was tax cuts.  
verifiable:Stewart claims that the stimulus bill is one-third tax cuts
verifiable:The House passed a pay-as-you-go rule that said, "If you wanted to have an investment, an entitlement, etc., you had to pay for it."
verifiable:Pelosi touts Democrats' revival of 'pay-as-you-go' budget rules
verifiable:Vice President Joe Biden's meeting "with the transparency and accountability board . . . was closed to the public."
verifiable:Palin claims Biden held a transparency board meeting behind closed doors
verifiable:"One state even spent a million bucks to put up signs that advertise that they were spending on the federal stimulus projects."
verifiable:Palin claims a state paid $1 million to advertise that they were spending stimulus money
verifiable:"Barack Obama had 150 days in the U.S. Senate where he was able to vote quite often 'present.' "
verifiable:Palin says Obama voted "present" in U.S. Senate "quite often"
verifiable:"The law is very clear! 'The monies recouped from the TARP shall be paid into the general fund of the treasury for the reduction of the public debt.'"
verifiable:Gregg claims that TARP money must be used to pay down the deficit
verifiable:Some Republicans who voted against the stimulus "have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced. They come to the ribbon cuttings."
verifiable:Obama criticizes Republicans who opposed stimulus, then claim credit for projects it funded
verifiable:"The money supply has doubled in the last year."
verifiable:Ron Paul claims money supply has doubled
verifiable:"We're also cutting a Forest Service economic development program that strayed so far from any mission that it funded a music festival."
verifiable:Obama proposed to ax budget of Forest Service program that veered so far astray, it funded a music festival
verifiable:On whether he supports 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell.'
verifiable:McCain flips on 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell'
verifiable:The Senate-passed health care bill "is identical to the Massachusetts health care plan -- the same thing."
verifiable:Krugman calls Senate health care bill similar to law in Massachusetts
verifiable:"Federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts."
verifiable:In PolitiFact debut, Brown says federal jobs pay twice as much as private sector jobs
verifiable:"Thomas Jefferson created the Marines for the Islamic pirates that were happening."  
verifiable:Beck claims Marines were created by Thomas Jefferson to combat Islamic pirates
verifiable:"We passed without, frankly, the help of the Republican caucus, we passed 25 tax cuts last year, mostly aimed at the middle class and small businesses."
verifiable:Axelrod claims Democrats passed 25 tax cuts last year without the help of Republicans
verifiable:On a bipartisan task force on ways to improve fiscal policy.
verifiable:McConnell reverses position on Conrad-Gregg budget commission
verifiable:Health care reform "would bring down the deficit by as much as $1 trillion over the next two decades."
verifiable:Health care reform estimates for deficit reduction are not that exact
verifiable:"What were the old annual deficits under Republicans have now become the monthly deficits under Democrats."
verifiable:Rep. Hensarling says annual deficits under Republicans have become the monthly deficits under Democrats
verifiable:Obama came into office "with a $1.3 trillion deficit before I had passed any law. ... We came in with $8 trillion worth of debt over the next decade."
verifiable:Obama inherited deficits from Bush administration
verifiable:"Mr. President, multiple times from your administration there have come statements that Republicans have no ideas and no solutions" on health care.
verifiable:Price says Obama and his aides have said Republicans have 'no ideas' on health care
verifiable:The president's health care proposals will cause "most Americans to have their premiums increased, not decreased, and hundreds of millions of people lose their current insurance coverage."  
verifiable:Health care reform does not increase premiums and boot people out of their coverage
verifiable:"President Obama's proposed 'spending freeze' will only reduce the $42 trillion in government spending proposed between 2011 and 2020 by little more than one-half of 1 percent."
verifiable:Boehner claims Obama's proposed spending freeze will only reduce government spending "by little more than one-half of 1 percent"
verifiable:"President Obama pledged to go through the budget 'line by line,' but on his watch, non-defense spending has spiraled out of control, increasing by 67 percent in the last year alone."
verifiable:Boehner says spending has grown by 67 percent in Obama's first year
verifiable:"A majority of Americans still oppose this health care bill."
verifiable:Boehner says a majority of Americans oppose health care bill
verifiable:"The amount of debt is on pace to double in five years and triple in 10. The federal debt is now over $100,000 per household."
verifiable:National debt on pace to triple in 10 years, now more than $100k per household, GOP claims
verifiable:"Here in Virginia, we have the opportunity to become the first state on the East Coast to explore for and produce oil and natural gas offshore."
verifiable:McDonnell says Virginia first in line for Atlantic oil drilling
verifiable:"We cut taxes for 95 percent of working families."
verifiable:Tax cut for 95 percent? The stimulus made it so
verifiable:"Last week, the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests – including foreign corporations – to spend without limit in our elections."
verifiable:Why Alito shook his head: Obama exaggerates impact of Supreme Court ruling on foreign companies
verifiable:"At the beginning of the last decade ... America had a budget surplus of over $200 billion. By the time I took office, we had a one-year deficit of over $1 trillion and projected deficits of $8 trillion over the next decade."
verifiable:Obama claims U.S. budget went from surplus to deficit in 10 years
verifiable:"We've excluded lobbyists from policymaking jobs."
verifiable:Obama says lobbyists have been excluded from policy-making jobs
verifiable:The "pay-as-you-go law ... was a big reason why we had record surpluses in the 1990s."
verifiable:Obama credits pay-as-you-go rule with producing 1990s surpluses
verifiable:"Because of the steps we took, there are about 2 million Americans working right now who would otherwise be unemployed."
verifiable:Obama claims 2 million more Americans would be unemployed if not for stimulus
verifiable:"For the first time in history, my administration posts our White House visitors online."
verifiable:White House visitor logs voluntarily released, with potential for exceptions
verifiable:On a government spending freeze.
verifiable:Obama criticized McCain on a spending freeze
verifiable:"PWNED: House GOP Dominates Twitter, YouTube, Social Media in Congress."
verifiable:Boehner claims House Republicans dominate Twitter, YouTube and other social media in Congress
verifiable:"Right now the Tea Party polls higher than the Republicans and the Democrats."  
verifiable:Armey says Tea Party is more popular than Democrats, Republicans
verifiable:Democratic presidents "have been considerably more effective at creating private-sector jobs."
verifiable:Congresswoman says Democratic presidents create more private-sector jobs
verifiable:"With a stroke of a pen, the (U.S. Supreme Court) decided to overrule the 100-year-old ban on corporate expenditures."
verifiable:Campaign finance ruling on United Citizens is historical, but 100 years is a stretch
verifiable:"As long as I have served . . . This is the first time  every single solitary decision has required 60 senators."
verifiable:Biden says every Senate decision now requires 60 votes
verifiable:Members of Congress passed a pay raise for themselves of $10,000 over two years even as they voted not to raise Social Security benefits for 2010 and 2011.
verifiable:Chain e-mail says Congress raised own salaries while acting to kill Social Security benefit hikes
verifiable:The Democrats' health care bills would provide "free health care for illegal immigrants."
verifiable:Chain e-mail claims health care bills in Congress would provide free health care to illegal immigrants
verifiable:The House health care bill provides for "free abortion services, and probably forced participation in abortions by members of the medical profession."
verifiable:Chain e-mail claims House health care bill would provide free abortion
verifiable:There are "high administrative costs" when you donate to Haiti relief through the White House Web site.  
verifiable:Limbaugh claims White House benefits from Haiti donations
verifiable:In Massachusetts, Scott Brown's Republican affiliation is "not a secret, but clearly not on display."  
verifiable:Scott Brown mostly avoided mentioning that he's a Republican
verifiable:"The Washington Times ... pointed out that we had succeeded where previous administrations had failed" on spending cuts.
verifiable:Obama claims Washington Times praised his budget-cutting
verifiable:Chile ranks third internationally in economic freedom, while the U.S. ranks 17th.  
verifiable:Beck says Chile easily tops U.S. in "economic freedom" rankings
verifiable:On abortion rights.
verifiable:Harold Ford's comments on abortion prompt charges of flip-flopping
verifiable:On the importance of an independent voting record
verifiable:Obama says Brown's voting record is not that of an independent
verifiable:Obama's job approval rating is up.  
verifiable:Brazile claims Obama's job approval rate is going up
verifiable:The Obama administration "raised discretionary spending by 24 percent from President George W. Bush's last full-year budget and will run up more debt by October than Bush did in eight years."  
verifiable:Rove claims Obama has already run up more debt than Bush did in eight years
verifiable:When President Bush took office in 2001, he inherited a $236 billion budget surplus, with a projected 10-year surplus of $5.6 trillion. When he ended his term, he left a $1.3 trillion deficit and a projected 10-year shortfall of $8 trillion.
verifiable:Axelrod claims Bush saddled Obama with a big deficit 
verifiable:A recent Obama executive order could "lead to a number of investigations by Interpol in the United States, potentially aimed at American officials."  
verifiable:Gingrich claims Obama's order will let Interpol investigate American officials
verifiable:"Why is January 8th an important date in American history? This day in 1835 is the only day in our history when we have not been in debt."
verifiable:Fla. senator says Jan. 8, 1835, is the only day U.S. has been debt free
verifiable:"We had no domestic attacks under Bush."
verifiable:Giuliani says there were no domestic attacks during Bush presidency
verifiable:"Most of the people that work in finance make $70,000, $80,000 a year."
verifiable:NYC Mayor Bloomberg claims most people in finance earn $70,000-80,000 a year
verifiable:"I haven't missed a vote since 1993."
verifiable:Grassley claims he hasn't missed a vote since 1993
verifiable:"Americans admire Glenn Beck more than they admire the pope."  
verifiable:Milbank says Americans admire Glenn Beck more than they do the pope
verifiable:President Obama "doesn't ... want to admit we're at war."
verifiable:Cheney says Obama won't admit the U.S. at war against terrorists
verifiable:"In Florida, Sen. Bill Nelson ... got a $25 billion to $30 billion carve-out for Medicare Advantage patients in their state."  
verifiable:Karl Rove says health care bill has a special treat for Florida's seniors, thanks to Sen. Bill Nelson
verifiable:A Medicaid provision added to the Senate health care reform bill "is not a special deal for Nebraska."
verifiable:Sen. Ben Nelson says Medicaid provision added to health care reform is not a special deal for Nebraska
verifiable:"I didn't campaign on a public option."
verifiable:Public option was in Obama's platform
verifiable:Health care reform plans being consided in Congress "will finally reduce the costs of health care."
verifiable:Obama said health care reform will reduce the cost of health care
verifiable:President Obama has "the worst ratings of any president at the end of his first year."  
verifiable:Rove says Obama's approval ratings after a year are worst of any president
verifiable:"Today and every day, an estimated 14,000 Americans will lose their health insurance coverage."
verifiable:Harkin repeats claim that 14,000 people lose health insurance daily
verifiable:"We've created or saved up to 1.6 million jobs, according to the CBO -- the Congressional Budget Office -- through the Recovery Act."
verifiable:Obama says Congressional Budget Office found the economic stimulus has created up to 1.6 million jobs
verifiable:The Climatic Research Unit e-mails show that the science behind climate change "has been pretty well debunked."  
verifiable:Inhofe claims that e-mails 'debunk' science behind climate change
verifiable:"President Obama's proposal calls for serious cuts in our own long-term carbon emissions," but China and India will still be allowed to increase their emissions.  
verifiable:Proposals allow emerging economies more carbon emissions
verifiable:A recent drop in the unemployment rate is questionable because it was calculated "over two days of the Thanksgiving week."  
verifiable:Limbaugh says unemployment drop was skewed by Thanksgiving holiday
verifiable:The "post-Soviet industrial meltdown is responsible for most of the progress in reducing carbon emissions that Europe is able to claim."  
verifiable:Robinson claims the fall of USSR meant a big drop in greenhouse gas emissions
verifiable:"To use money from the TARP fund in the manner that is being discussed by the White House and congressional Democrats would be a violation of the law."  
verifiable:Pence says Democrats' plan to spend TARP money on economic stimulus is unlawful
verifiable:"I'm predicting (the Saints) will go not only undefeated, but all the way through the Super Bowl -- something that's never been done before."
verifiable:Gov. Jindal predicts Saints will be first to go undefeated and win Super Bowl
verifiable:Labor union president Andy Stern is "the most frequent visitor" at the White House.  
verifiable:Beck says labor leader is most frequent White House visitor
verifiable:When Obama was interviewed by American reporters in Asia, "Not one of them asked me about Asia. Not one of them asked me about the economy."
verifiable:Obama said reporters didn't ask questions on the issues, but they did
verifiable:"In the past year, more than 20 percent of Americans have changed their mind about the war in Afghanistan. They conclude we shouldn't be there."
verifiable:Polls on Afghanistan show a mixed picture
verifiable:"We're going to have more troops (in Afghanistan) . . . than the Russians had."
verifiable:Murtha claims the U.S. will have more troops in Afghanistan than Russia
verifiable:"In the last few months alone, we have apprehended extremists within our borders who were sent here from the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan to commit new acts of terror."
verifiable:Obama says 'extremists' sent to U.S. from Afghanistan-Pakistan border area
verifiable:Less than 10 percent of Obama's Cabinet appointees "have any experience in the private sector."  
verifiable:Beck says less than 10 percent of Obama Cabinet has worked in private sector
verifiable:The Senate health care bill does not contain limits on medical malpractice lawsuits.
verifiable:McConnell gets it right on medical malpractice reform
verifiable:Under the Democratic health plan, families "will be forced to spend an additional $2,100 a year to keep their current health care."  
verifiable:Rep. Mike Pence says Democratic health plan would drive up family premiums 
verifiable:A new Republican litmus test "would have resulted in (the GOP) kicking out Ronald Reagan."  
verifiable:Olbermann says proposed GOP litmus test would freeze out Reagan
verifiable:On legalizing illegal immigrants.
verifiable:Did Lou Dobbs oppose amnesty? He doesn't oppose it now.
verifiable:"If you want to talk firsts for Bush, this was the first time in American history that a president took us into a war and cut taxes."  
verifiable:Krugman says Bush was first president to lead country into war and cut taxes
verifiable:"The Congressional Budget Office -- supposedly non-partisan -- estimates that in just a few years the average cost to every family of four (from cap and trade) will be $6,800 per year."       
verifiable:$6,800 for cap and trade not a CBO estimate
verifiable:"Ninety-eight percent of the American people will not see their taxes go up" due to the House health care bill.  
verifiable:Schultz says health care bill will only tax top 2 percent
verifiable:A data-storing microchip "would be implanted in the majority of people who opt to become covered by the public health care option."
verifiable:Chain e-mail says those on public option will have to get microchip implant
verifiable:"Although Democrats represent only 10 of Florida's 25 districts, their districts received 60 percent of the stimulus funds."
verifiable:Recovery.gov assigns statewide education jobs to one congressional district
verifiable:Recovery.gov listed congressional districts that "do not exist."
verifiable:Nonexistent congressional districts were on Recovery.gov. They're gone now.
verifiable:Under the cap-and-trade bill, homes would have to be retrofitted to meet energy and water efficiency standards before they could be sold.
verifiable:Chain e-mail claims cap-and-trade will require home retrofits, license before sale
verifiable:Senate health care legislation will "levy a new 'abortion premium' fee on  Americans in the government-run plan."
verifiable:Boehner claims that the Senate health care bill includes an abortion fee
verifiable:The Senate health care bill "would leave 24 million people without insurance coverage."
verifiable:Sen. Mike Enzi says Senate health care bill will leave 24 million uninsured 
verifiable:If you look at last year's presidential campaign, "you can't find a mention of public option."
verifiable:The public option was not discussed much during the campaign
verifiable:The Senate health care bill is longer than Tolstoy's 'War and Peace.'
verifiable:Hatch says Senate health care bill is longer than 'War and Peace'
verifiable:Obama "closed offshore tax safe havens."
verifiable:Chain e-mail claims Obama closed offshore tax safe havens
verifiable:Obama has "visited more countries and met with more world leaders than any president in his first six months in office."
verifiable:Chain e-mail claims Obama has visited more countries in first six months of presidency than predecessors
verifiable:52 jobs have been saved or created in Florida's 34th Congressional District.
verifiable:Recovery.gov shows jobs in Congressional districts that don't exist
verifiable:A small business receiving a federal tax credit "to provide health care for its employees ... would be barred under the Stupak Amendment from allowing their employees to use ... the health care that they offer them for abortion."
verifiable:Rendell says small businesses receiving health insurance subsidies couldn't offer plans that cover abortion
verifiable:In the House health care bill, "Something like 2 percent of the people would [be] eligible even to get the public option."
verifiable:Wyden mistakenly lowballs number of people eligible for public option
verifiable:The United States has a supply of "more than 100 years of natural gas."
verifiable:Industry group claims that we have 100 years' worth of natural gas
verifiable:"Ronald Reagan faced an even worse recession" than the current one.
verifiable:Palin claims Reagan faced a worse recession than Obama
verifiable:The McCain campaign "did not elaborate" on Obama's ties to ACORN.
verifiable:Sarah Palin claims the campaign did not elaborate on Obama's association with ACORN
verifiable:A cap-and-trade plan promoted by Barack Obama would hit hardest "those already struggling to make ends meet."  
verifiable:Democratic cap and trade plans have credits to offset electricity rate increases
verifiable:Obama has admitted a cap and trade plan would cause electricity bills to "skyrocket."  
verifiable:Obama said cap and trade would increase electricity rates
verifiable:Says she couldn't take  stimulus money because it required "universal building codes."
verifiable:Sarah Palin claims weatherization money in stimulus required universal building codes
verifiable:"The Stupak Amendment doesn't just say you can't use your federal insurance subsidy to pay for an abortion, it says, if you're getting a federal subsidy of any kind, you're not allowed to buy an insurance plan that covers abortion even with your own money."  
verifiable:Maddow says Stupak amendment bars those with subsidies from getting abortion coverage
verifiable:Under the House health care bill, the government "will have to penalize citizens if we choose not to buy a plan that will cost a minimum of about $15,000 per family per year."
verifiable:Sarah Palin says health care reform will be costly
verifiable:Maj. Nidal Hasan, the man accused of the Fort Hood shootings, "was an ADVISOR to the Obama Administration."
verifiable:Chain e-mail links supected Fort Hood shooter to Obama
verifiable:"The public option is not funded with public money. It's funded with private insurance premiums."
verifiable:DeGette claims the public option will be privately funded
verifiable:"In the health care bill, we're now offering insurance for dogs."  
verifiable:Glenn Beck claims health care bill includes insurance for dogs
verifiable:"There were more people at the Air and Space Museum" than at a rally against the health care bills.  
verifiable:Beckel says protest against health care bill drew fewer people than Air and Space Museum
verifiable:The health care bills will be "mandated spending. You can't cut it, regardless of the budget circumstances."  
verifiable:Limbaugh says health care bill's spending can't be cut in the future
verifiable:The House of Representatives does not have a prochoice majority.
verifiable:Abortion votes in the House revealed by Stupak amendment
verifiable:"Barack Obama won't even use the term 'war on terrorism.'"
verifiable:Hannity says Obama won't even use the term "war on terrorism"
verifiable:Guantanamo Bay detainees will get the H1N1 vaccine.  
verifiable:Hannity says H1N1 vaccines will be given to Gitmo detainees
verifiable:"I signed the largest single tax cut in the history of Florida, a $25 billion tax cut over five years, directed at property tax cuts."
verifiable:Charlie Crist takes credit for Florida's largest ever tax cut
verifiable:"President Obama campaigned on a promise to put reproductive health care at the center of his reform plan."
verifiable:Planned Parenthood says Obama promised to "put reproductive health care at the center" of health reform
verifiable:"Mitt Romney ... gave you government health care that is now bankrupting the state" of Massachusetts.  
verifiable:Beck claims universal health care is driving Massachusetts' deficit
verifiable:An amendment to the House health reform bill "puts new restrictions on women's access to abortion coverage in the private health insurance market even when they would pay premiums with their own money."
verifiable:Lowey says Stupak amendment restricts abortion coverage even for those who pay for their own plan
verifiable:Women pay 48 percent more for health insurance.
verifiable:Slaughter claims that women pay 48 percent more for health insurance than men
verifiable:"History tells us that job growth always lags behind economic growth."
verifiable:Obama says job growth always lags behind economic growth
verifiable:The House health care bill pays for "about six years of program with a decade of revenue, with the heaviest costs concentrated in the second five years."
verifiable:House health care bill pays for itself over the long run, CBO says
verifiable:"As a result of the House Republican bill, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office now confirms that families will see their health care premiums reduced by up to 10 percent."  
verifiable:U.S. Rep. Mike Pence says CBO confirms GOP health plan reduces insurance premiums up to 10 percent
verifiable:The Republicans' alternative health care plan "will still let insurers raise premiums four times faster than wages."
verifiable:Americans United for Change Ad claims GOP health plan will let insurers raise premiums four times faster than wages
verifiable:The GOP health care plan "would allow health insurance companies to continue engaging in unfair and discriminatory practices like denying coverage to people because of a pre-existing medical condition."  
verifiable:Wasserman Schultz says GOP alternative health care plan allows insurers to continue denying coverage for pre-existing conditions
verifiable:Health care reform "establishes a new board of federal bureaucrats (the 'Health Benefits Advisory Committee') to dictate the health plans that all individuals must purchase."
verifiable:The Health Benefits Advisory Committee doesn't tell you what plan to buy
verifiable:Health care reform "requires the use of federal dollars to fund abortions through the government-run health plan."
verifiable:The public option could pay for unsubsidized abortion
verifiable:Research shows the employer mandate in the House health reform bill would "place millions 'at substantial risk of unemployment' — with minority workers losing their jobs at twice the rate of their white counterparts."
verifiable:Republicans gloss over the details on a study on the employer mandate
verifiable:"That 3.5 percent (increase in the third quarter GDP) came from two things — government spending on Cash for Clunkers — they just moved fourth-quarter auto sales into the third quarter — and the first-time home buyer thing."  
verifiable:Rush Limbaugh said bump in GDP due to Cash for Clunkers and government incentives to first-time home buyers
verifiable:Page 92 of the House health care bill "says specifically that people can't purchase private health insurance after a date certain."   
verifiable:Michele Bachmann claims Page 92 prohibits private insurance
verifiable:Three presidents in the last century — Harding, Kennedy and Reagan — all cut taxes during recessions and produced "rapid and dramatic economic recoveries," while two, Herbert Hoover and Barack Obama, did "the opposite."
verifiable:California Republican lumps Obama in with Hoover in his approach to fighting recession
verifiable:Sen. Joe Lieberman's "home state has a public option which covers about 10,000 of its citizens that was introduced by its Republican governor."  
verifiable:Olbermann claims Connecticut has a public plan
verifiable:There is majority support for the Democrats' health care plans.
verifiable:Jarrett claims Obama has majority support for health care plan
verifiable:You must list all your guns on your 2010 tax return.
verifiable:List your guns on your 1040? No -- this bill never passed
verifiable:"One-third of the health care dollar goes to no such thing as health care; it goes to the insurance companies."
verifiable:Insurance companies do not get a third of all national health spending
verifiable:When it comes to aid, "the United States is still about half as what European countries give as a percentage."
verifiable:Bono claims U.S. gives about half the aid as European countries, percentage-wise
verifiable:The Democrats' health care bill "gives a new Health Choices Commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for."
verifiable:Conservative group says health care reform bill allows government to pry into tax records
verifiable:A president must "obtain Congress' consent before formally accepting the Nobel Prize."  
verifiable:Does Obama need Congress' permission to get Nobel?
verifiable:A new federal program provides subsidized "Obama phones" with 70 free minutes of cell phone service every month.
verifiable:Chain e-mail claims Obama is handing out free cell phones to the needy
verifiable:"Forcing Americans off of their current health coverage and onto a government-run plan isn't the answer, but that's exactly what the Democrats' plan would do."
verifiable:Health care reform will not force people into a government-run plan
verifiable:When White House communications director Anita Dunn said that Mao Tse-tung was "one of her favorite philosophers, only Fox News picked that up."  
verifiable:O'Reilly accuses media of not following Fox's lead on Anita Dunn-Mao Tse-tung story
verifiable:"For the last decade the climate has been cooling."  
verifiable:Matalin claims the Earth is cooling
verifiable:"President Bush never did one interview with the New York Times during his entire presidency."  
verifiable:President Bush did give the New York Times interviews
verifiable:Barack Obama wrote a thesis at Columbia University in which he criticized "plutocratic thugs" and said the Constitution gave Americans "the shackles of hypocrisy."
verifiable:Obama's Columbia 'thesis' is all fiction, dreamed up by blogger
verifiable:A "fairly limited number of people, 25 million to 30 million," will be allowed to access a national health insurance exchange.  
verifiable:Who is allowed on health insurance exchange? Senate bill keeps it limited
verifiable:A request for "an increase in troops sat on desks in this White House (during the presidency of George W. Bush), including the vice president's, for more than eight months, a resource request filled by President Obama in March."
verifiable:White House spokesman Robert Gibbs fires back at Cheney over troop levels in Afghanistan
verifiable:The Obama administration notified Poland and the Czech Republic about cancellation of major missile-defense facilities "at the last minute in midnight phone calls."
verifiable:Cheney accuses Obama of telling allies of canceled projects in "midnight" calls
verifiable:A "massive" federal computer network will make your medical records available to "millions of people" with a "complete lack of privacy and confidentiality," while doctors and hospitals who don't take part face "stiff penalties."
verifiable:Seniors' group warns about risks of electronic health records
verifiable:"Husbands rarely beat up their wives. Single women get beaten up more."  
verifiable:Coulter says husbands rarely beat up their wives
verifiable:"Democrats rang up a $1.42 trillion budget deficit in 2009 — the single largest in American history."
verifiable:Freedom Project claims the deficit is the biggest in history — and that Democrats are to blame
verifiable:The proposed excise tax on "Cadillac" health plans will hit "those making less than $200,000" the hardest.
verifiable:Sarah Palin says health care reform will raise taxes on the middle class
verifiable:Health proposal would create a "40% tax on health care benefits of middle-class workers."
verifiable:Left-leaning group opposes excise tax on 'Cadillac' plans as a hit to the middle class
verifiable:If President Obama signs the Copenhagen climate change treaty, he "will sign your freedom, your democracy, and your prosperity away forever — and neither you nor any subsequent government you may elect would have any power whatsoever to take it back again."
verifiable:British climate-change skeptic says Copenhagen treaty threatens "democracy," "freedom"
verifiable:The Baucus health care bill "could be used to ban guns in home self-defense."
verifiable:Gun-rights group says health care bill could harm gun owners
verifiable:"The first installment of health care reform ... will raise the deficit by $250 billion."
verifiable:Sen. Cornyn says first installment of Democrats' health reform plan would raise deficit $250 billion
verifiable:U.S. taxpayers paid $71,500 per job created by the stimulus bill.  
verifiable:Dobbs claims stimulus jobs cost big bucks
verifiable:"The Senate Finance Committee approved a reform proposal that has both Democratic and Republican support."
verifiable:Health care reform bill not that bipartisan
verifiable:"Only 20 percent of Americans admit to being Republicans anymore."
verifiable:Democrats claim only 20 percent of Americans call themselves Republicans
verifiable:Seniors with coverage under Medicare Advantage will give up "more than their share" because of health care reform
verifiable:Health insurers' group says Medicare Advantage beneficiaries will be hit more by reform plan
verifiable:The Baucus health care bill "would drastically restrict the use of flexible spending accounts (FSAs) in order to help pay for health care reform."
verifiable:Flexible spending accounts under health care reform might get new limits
verifiable:Forty-five percent of doctors "say they'll quit" if health care reform passes.  
verifiable:Beck says 45 percent of physicians would quit if health reform passes
verifiable:An Iowa policy "provides for a state round up of Iowa citizens who might be exposed to the swine flu virus."
verifiable:E-mail claims Iowa policy seeks to round up Iowans who might be exposed to the swine flu
verifiable:The Obama White House is renaming Christmas trees "holiday trees."
verifiable:Chain e-mail claims the Obamas plan to change a holiday tradition
verifiable:"You don't know if this (the H1N1 vaccine) is gonna cause neurological damage like it did in the 1970s."  
verifiable:Glenn Beck warns that in 1970s, flu shots caused neurological problems
verifiable:A report by the health insurance industry "ignores some of the key policies that are part of the Senate Finance Committee bill."
verifiable:Study from health insurers says premiums will rise, but it's not the whole story
verifiable:   "Baseball and insurance are the only industries exempt from antitrust laws."  
verifiable:Liberal group says health insurance, baseball are only industries exempt from antitrust laws
verifiable:Other Western countries have ended their "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policies.
verifiable:Levin claims that other Western countries have lifted their bans
verifiable:Under the Hate Crimes bill, "any pastor, preacher, priest, rabbi or imam who gives a sermon out of their moral traditions about sexual practices could be found guilty of a federal crime."
verifiable:Rep. John Kline and other Republicans say under Hate Crime bill, religious leaders could be prosecuted for preaching about sexual practices
verifiable:The Baucus health care bill would require taxes on medical devices such as X-ray machines, female condoms, HIV tests and surgical needles.
verifiable:Conservative blogger says proposed tax could hit wide array of medical devices
verifiable:About 750,000 people die in China each year from auto emissions.
verifiable:Car pollution in China doesn't cause as many deaths as Nany Pelosi claims
verifiable:During the Reagan administration, "Millions of people were thrown out of work."
verifiable:Michael Moore claims in his movie, 'Capitalism,' that during the Reagan era, millions were thrown out of work 
verifiable:During the Reagan era, while productivity increased, "wages for working people remained frozen."   
verifiable:Michael Moore claims in 'Capitalism' that during Reagan years, productivity went up while wages remained frozen 
verifiable:Health care premiums for consumers have doubled since 2001.
verifiable:Rockefeller says health insurance premiums have doubled since 2001
verifiable:Insurance companies have seen their profits soar by more than 400 percent since 2001.
verifiable:Rockefeller says health insurer profits have risen by 400 percent since 2001
verifiable:"Not only is there no scientific evidence that CO2 is a pollutant, higher CO2 concentrations actually help ecosystems support more plant and animal life."  
verifiable:PlantsNeedCO2.org claims that carbon dioxide is not a pollutant and is good for the environment
verifiable:Forty percent of gross domestic product "is state, local, or federal money."  
verifiable:Cokie Roberts says government accounts for 40 percent of GDP
verifiable:During the Reagan era, "the richest Americans had their top income tax rate cut in half."
verifiable:Michael Moore claims that during the Reagan years, the richest had their top tax rate cut in half
verifiable:The cap-and-trade bill will mean "2 million jobs lost."  
verifiable:Claims cap-and-trade will cause job losses
verifiable:"There's no evidence anywhere that offshore drilling has hurt tourism in any area where it has been allowed."
verifiable:Offshore oil drilling has cost tourism industry before
verifiable:All the talk about socialism during the campaign made young people more interested in it by Election Day.
verifiable:Michael Moore says young people are increasingly warm to socialism
verifiable:In the 1950s,  "A lot of people got rich — and they had to pay a top tax rate of 90 percent."
verifiable:Michael Moore's film Capitalism claims richest paid top tax rate of 90 percent in the 1950s
verifiable:"The majority actually want single-payer health care."
verifiable:Michael Moore claims a majority favor a single-payer health care system
verifiable:After Fahrenheit 9/11 came out, "Bush's approval rating never was better, it only got worse."
verifiable:Michael Moore said Bush's approval rating dropped, but it rose first
verifiable:"The richest 1 percent have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 percent combined."
verifiable:Michael Moore movie says that top 1 percent owns more financial wealth than bottom 95 percent
verifiable:Gas will reach $4 a gallon under a cap-and-trade plan.  
verifiable:EnergyCitizens.org claims gas will cost $4 a gallon under a cap-and-trade plan
verifiable:Medicare officials have treated Humana and AARP inconsistently on how they can communicate with seniors.
verifiable:Humana is a Medicare contractor, AARP is not
verifiable:White House Political Director Patrick Gaspard once served as the "right-hand man" for Bertha Lewis, who heads up ACORN.
verifiable:Beck and others repeat claim that White House Political Director Patrick Gaspard was once the political director for Bertha Lewis, chief organizer of ACORN
verifiable:AARP is "the largest reseller of insurance in the country" and "has a vested interest in seeing that the market for reselling supplemental insurance expands."
verifiable:AARP profits from insurance sales; GOP calls it a health reform conflict
verifiable:"Health care mandate will require imprisonment and fines for Americans who can’t afford to purchase insurance or pay hefty government penalties."
verifiable:Conservative group says you'll be imprisoned for not having health insurance
verifiable:"The Defense Department received only one-half of 1 percent of the nearly trillion-dollar stimulus package funding."
verifiable:Palin says defense spending was tiny portion of stimulus
verifiable:"For the first time in history, the Democratic Congress will not allow an increase in the social security COLA (cost of living adjustment)."
verifiable:E-mail claims Democratic Congress to blame for no COLA increase in Social Security
verifiable:Barack Obama and the Democrats have "proposed a tax for not having health insurance."
verifiable:Health reform includes a tax penalty if you don't have insurance
verifiable:"House Republicans pledged to introduce a bill to reform America’s health care system," but "the 'party of no' has . . . failed to produce legislation."
verifiable:Hoyer claims Republicans have no health care alternative
verifiable:In a now-viral video, "impressionable youngsters at a public school in New Jersey ... have been instructed to sing the praises of 'Barack Hussein Obama.'"
verifiable:GOP claims video shows public B. Bernice Young Elementary School students made to sing about Obama
verifiable:Goldman Sachs was Barack Obama's "No. 1 private contributor."
verifiable:Barack Obama got many campaign contributions from Goldman Sachs
verifiable:The Obama administration is "cutting back on defense"
verifiable:Hannity says Obama is "cutting back on defense"
verifiable:On whether the governor of Massachusetts should be able to appoint an interim U.S. senator
verifiable:Massachusetts legislature flip-flops on governor's senatorial appointment power
verifiable:On a cap-and-trade plan.  
verifiable:Pawlenty changes course on cap-and-trade
verifiable:"Medicare does just as good, if not better, at keeping people healthy" as Medicare Advantage.
verifiable:No difference between Medicare and Medicare Advantage? Maybe
verifiable:"Our own National Security Agency says that (Iran's) nuclear ambitions are advancing, and at the same time ... we are slashing our own nuclear arsenal."
verifiable:Hannity says U.S. is reducing its nuclear arsenal
verifiable:"FDR was called a socialist and a communist."
verifiable:Obama right that Roosevelt was called a socialist and a communist
verifiable:"Recent census data shows that the average American family spends over $13,000 a year for health care coverage."
verifiable:Iowa Democrat says families spend $13,000 a year for health coverage
verifiable:On whether he would put a missile shield in Poland.
verifiable:Did Obama flip on whether he would continue to pursue a missile shield in Poland?
verifiable:"Under the Baucus bill ... federal funds would subsidize coverage of elective abortions."
verifiable:National Right to Life Committee claims under Baucus bill, federal funds would subsidize abortions 
verifiable:The Baucus bill "contains provisions that would send massive federal subsidies directly to both private insurance plans and government-chartered cooperatives that pay for elective abortion."
verifiable:National Right to Life Committee says Baucus bill would permit federal subsidies to go to insurance plans that cover abortions
verifiable:"In some states, it is still legal to deny a woman coverage because she's been the victim of domestic violence."
verifiable:Michelle Obama claims that domestic violence counts as a pre-exisiting condition in some states
verifiable:Families are paying $900, on average, "in higher premiums because of uncompensated care."
verifiable:Cost-shifting of uninsured is debated by the experts
verifiable:   "Mathematically, the White Sox can still get in the playoffs."  
verifiable:Obama says White Sox can still make the playoffs
verifiable:The Obama administration's cap-and-trade plan would create "a $1,761 yearly energy tax."  
verifiable:Alexander claims that cap-and-trade will cost consumer $1,761 a year
verifiable:Health insurance companies deny "1 out of 5 treatments prescribed by doctors."
verifiable:TV ad overstates health insurance denials
verifiable:Insurers delayed an Illinois man's treatment, "and he died because of it."
verifiable:Obama says decision to revoke insurance led to Illinois man's death
verifiable:For middle-class families under the Baucus plan, "13 percent of what they make could be deducted directly from their paychecks . . . the so-called 'Max Tax.'"  
verifiable:Olbermann glosses over detail on the Baucus plan
verifiable:Obama used to be a lawyer for ACORN.  
verifiable:Rove claims Obama used to be a lawyer for ACORN
verifiable:Health insurance companies pay CEOs $24 million a year
verifiable:Health care advocacy group blasts insurers for CEO pay packages
verifiable:"Medicare began as a public option and now holds 97 percent of the market share."
verifiable:Medicare's history as public option
verifiable:The House of Representatives has never passed a resolution of disapproval to condemn a member's behavior.
verifiable:Boehner claims his chamber has never passed a resolution of disapproval to punish a member
verifiable:"Every other democracy in the world has a health care system that covers everybody, and we don't."
verifiable:Dean says U.S. is only democracy without universal health care
verifiable:The Obama administration "was successful in rushing a massive spending bill through Congress in just two days — after which it sat on the president's desk for three days, while he was away on vacation."
verifiable:Sowell claims stimulus was rushed through Congress in two days
verifiable:The U.S. ranks 37th in the world for health care.
verifiable:Rocker in viral video mocks U.S. for 37th-best health care in world
verifiable:Photo of "tea party" protests shows crowd sprawling from Capitol to Washington Monument
verifiable:Bloggers claim photo shows millions at "tea party" protest
verifiable:The Democratic health care bill in the House would "create 53 new government bureaucracies."
verifiable:Boustany and other Republicans say health care plan would create 53 new government bureaucracies
verifiable:As a candidate, President Obama "declared that everyone deserves access to reproductive health care that includes abortion, and vowed that this 'right' would be at the heart of his health care reform plan if elected president."
verifiable:Boehner says abortion access was always a key goal for Obama health plan
verifiable:A new bill "was written into the new health care reform initiative ensuring that Congress will be 100 percent exempt."
verifiable:'$64,000 question' e-mail says Congress is exempt from health reform. They're not. 
verifiable:"Nothing in any of the Democrat bills would require individuals to verify their citizenship or identity prior to receiving taxpayer-subsidized benefits."
verifiable:House Republicans back up heckler, saying health bill wouldn't check who's illegal
verifiable:Health reform will "give every American the same opportunity" to buy health insurance the way members of Congress do.
verifiable:National health insurance exchange has restrictions
verifiable:"You lie!" (in response to President Obama saying health reform would not insure illegal immigrants.)
verifiable:Joe Wilson of South Carolina said Obama lied, but he didn't
verifiable:"It’s a plan that incorporates ideas from many of the people in this room tonight – Democrats and Republicans."
verifiable:Obama says health plan incorporates the ideas of Democrats and Republicans
verifiable:"The claim ... that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to   kill off senior citizens ... is a lie, plain and simple."
verifiable:Obama is correct that "death panel" charge is a lie
verifiable:Preventive care "saves money."
verifiable:Obama says preventive care saves money. It doesn't.
verifiable:If you "already have health insurance through your job, or Medicare, or Medicaid, or the VA, nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage or the doctor you have."
verifiable:Health insurance stays in place under reform proposals
verifiable:"Switzerland and the Netherlands . . .  cover all their citizens using private insurers, and they do so for much less cost."
verifiable:Analyst says Netherlands, Switzerland achieve universal coverage through private insurance
verifiable:"The Obama Administration's own White House Council of Economic Advisers has estimated 4.7 million Americans will lose their jobs if the (health care) bill passes."
verifiable:Texas lawmaker is latest Republican to say health bill would kill 4.7 million jobs
verifiable:Van Jones "is an avowed, self-avowed radical revolutionary communist."  
verifiable:Glenn Beck says Van Jones is an avowed communist
verifiable:Van Jones signed a petition indicating he "thinks the Bush administration blew up the World Trade Center and covered it up."  
verifiable:Van Jones a 9/11 'Truther?' Glenn Beck thinks so.
verifiable:The government is "going to have the right to get into your bank account with the health care bill and make transfers without you knowing it."  
verifiable:Rush Limbaugh says health care bill would allow government to make transfers in your bank account 
verifiable:"We waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. They waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up."  
verifiable:Duncan Hunter says we have waterboarded our own military as part of training exercises
verifiable:A scheduled speech by President Barack Obama will be "the first time an American president has spoken directly to the nation's school children about persisting and succeeding in school."
verifiable:Barack Obama is not the first president to address schoolchildren. 
verifiable:"Cap-and-trade is wildly unpopular with Americans."  
verifiable:IBD editorial board claims that cap-and-trade is unpopular in America
verifiable:"It took Obama six months to pick out a family dog," but he's "cramming health care reform down the country's throat in a fraction of that time."
verifiable:Barbour claims Obama took longer to choose a dog than he's giving nation to overhaul health care system
verifiable:"Scientists project that the Arctic will be ice-free in the summer of 2013."  
verifiable:Kerry claims the Arctic will be ice-free by summer 2013
verifiable:Over the past few months, we've learned that "we just can't count on the media to debunk" lies about health insurance reform.
verifiable:Organizing for America says media won't check facts, but we find many debunking reports.
verifiable:Schoolchildren across the nation "will be forced to watch the president justify his plans for government-run health care, banks, and automobile companies, increasing taxes on those who create jobs, and racking up more debt than any other president."
verifiable:Republican Party of Florida says Obama will "indoctrinate" schoolchildren with "socialist ideology"
verifiable:"Every survey shows strong satisfaction with private coverage."
verifiable:Private insurance plans say public has 'strong satisfaction' with their coverage
verifiable:"Since World War II, only Gerald Ford and Bill Clinton have had worse ratings after seven months than President Obama."
verifiable:Barack Obama poll after seven months shows him behind other presidents
verifiable:"All the really great programs in American history, Social Security, was done without Republicans. Medicare was done without Republican support until the last vote where they realized they had to get on board."
verifiable:Dean claims Social Security and Medicare were passed without Republican support
verifiable:"Under the plan, for the first five years your employer not only has to keep the coverage, but you can't migrate to the public plan."
verifiable:Weiner mangles details of health care reform 
verifiable:"It's costing every American who is insured $1,100 to pick up the cost of uncompensated care that goes on at the emergency room."  
verifiable:Boxer claims that it costs $1,100 per person to cover the uninsured
verifiable:"President Obama . . . wants to mandate circumcision."  
verifiable:Limbaugh wrong that Obama is mandating circumcision
verifiable:"Medicare has at least $80 billion worth of fraud a year. That's a full 20 percent of every dollar that's spent on Medicare goes to fraud."
verifiable:Coburn says 20 percent of every Medicare dollar goes to fraud
verifiable:"Any government-run 'public' plan ... creates an entitlement that will cost another $1 trillion over the next 10 years."
verifiable:Health reform costs $1 trillion over 10 years
verifiable:"Any government-run 'public' plan ... forces more employers to drop employee coverage due to rising costs and pay an additional 8% payroll tax for each worker."
verifiable:Health care bill does not 'force' employers to drop coverage
verifiable:Most of the stimulus money will be spent "not this year, not next year, but in 2011."  
verifiable:George Will claims the stimulus money will be spent slowly
verifiable:The Department of Veterans Affairs has "a manual out there telling our veterans stuff like, 'Are you really of value to  your community?' You know, encouraging them to commit suicide."
verifiable:RNC chairman Michael Steele says VA has a manual that encourages vets to commit suicide 
verifiable:"There's no rationing in any of these bills."
verifiable:There's rationing in health care now, and there still would be under reform bill
verifiable:The health bill's plan for comparative effectiveness research "would be used by the government to ration care."
verifiable:Boehner says study into the effectiveness of medical treatments would be used by government to ration care
verifiable:"If we went back to the obesity rates that existed back in the 1980s, the Medicare system over several years could save as much as a trillion dollars."
verifiable:Obama says lower obesity rates would save Medicare $1 trillion
verifiable:"If you're over 65 years old in America today, you have no choice but to be in Medicare. Even if you want out of Medicare, you have to forfeit your Social Security to get out of it."
verifiable:Dick Armey's claim about Medicare and Social Security is only partially true
verifiable:   Birthers have obtained a copy of Obama's Kenyan birth certificate.  
verifiable:Alleged Obama birth certificate from Kenya is a hoax
verifiable:If you don't count illegal aliens, people who qualify for other insurance, and people who make more than $75,000 a year, "it leaves about 15 million people" who are uninsured.
verifiable:Who are the uninsured? Hatch's take.
verifiable:"As many as 22,000 Americans die each year because they don’t have health insurance."
verifiable:Pascrell says up to 22,000 Americans die yearly because they don’t have health insurance
verifiable:"We spend twice as much per capita on health care as any other nation on Earth."
verifiable:Sanders says U.S. doubles every other country in per capita health spending
verifiable:76 percent of Americans want a public health care option.
verifiable:Groups claim overwhelming support for the public option
verifiable:"I'm 59. In either Canada or Great Britain, if I broke my hip, I couldn’t get it replaced."  
verifiable:At 59, GOP congressman says he couldn't get a hip replacement in Canada or England
verifiable:"Nearly 46 million Americans don't have health insurance coverage today."
verifiable:Number of those without health insurance about 46 million
verifiable:Pregnant women trying to buy health insurance on their own are barred from maternity coverage because they have a "pre-existing condition."
verifiable:AMA president says pregnant women are barred from buying individual health policies
verifiable:Republicans Chuck Grassley, John Boehner and John Mica flip-flopped on providing end-of-life counseling for the elderly.  
verifiable:Rachel Maddow says Republicans Chuck Grassley, John Boehner and John Mica flip-flopped on end-of-life counseling
verifiable:Preventive care does not save the government money.  
verifiable:Brooks claims that preventive care will cost the government
verifiable:The health care reform plan being proposed in Congress would mean "big tax increases."
verifiable:U.S. Chamber of Commerce Ad says health reform plan would mean big tax increases
verifiable:Obama's plan for health care reform "ends exorbitant out-of-pocket expenses, deductibles or co-pays."
verifiable:Reform plan caps out-of-pocket expenses
verifiable:Health care reform will not affect veterans' benefits.
verifiable:Axelrod gets it right on vet benefits
verifiable:   "I just want to assure [you] we're not talking about cutting Medicare benefits."
verifiable:Obama claims Medicare benefits will not be cut under the health care bill
verifiable:A provision in the health care reform bill for end-of-life counseling for seniors is not "entirely voluntary."
verifiable:Palin claims Obama misled when he said end-of-life counseling is voluntary
verifiable:AARP is "endorsing" the health care reform bill.
verifiable:Obama goes too far when he says health reform bills have AARP endorsement 
verifiable:Ezekiel Emanuel, one of President Obama's key health care advisers, "says medical care should be reserved for the nondisabled. So watch out if you're disabled."
verifiable:Bachmann says Obama health adviser thinks health care ought not to be extended to the disabled
verifiable:"I have not said that I was a single-payer supporter."
verifiable:Obama has praised single-payer plans in the past
verifiable:"If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan."
verifiable:Barack Obama promises you can keep your health insurance, but there's no guarantee
verifiable:The health care plan for members of Congress "is no better than the janitor who cleans their offices."
verifiable:Obama is right on federal health care for janitors and senators
verifiable:In every committee when the health care bill was considered, Democrats voted against an amendment that would require members of Congress and their staff to take the government-run public option as their health care plan.
verifiable:Most Democrats are opposed to giving up their health care plans
verifiable:   Seniors and the disabled "will have to stand in front of Obama's 'death panel' so his bureaucrats can decide, based on a subjective judgment of their 'level of productivity in society,' whether they are worthy of health care."
verifiable:Sarah Palin falsely claims Barack Obama runs a 'death panel'
verifiable:The Democrat-backed health care reform plan "will require (Americans) to subsidize abortion with their hard-earned tax dollars."
verifiable:Boehner says Democrats' health care plan would subsidize abortions
verifiable:Page 992 of the health care bill will "establish school-based 'health' clinics. Your children will be indoctrinated and your grandchildren may be aborted!"
verifiable:School health clinics would not provide abortions
verifiable:During the 2005 fight over Social Security, "there were noisy demonstrations — but they were outside the events," and opponents were "not disruptive — crowds booed lines they didn’t like, but that was about it."  
verifiable:Paul Krugman claims protests in 2005 weren't as raucous as health care protests
verifiable:Health care reform legislation is “likely to mandate free ‘sex change’ surgeries.”
verifiable:Conservative news release says health care bill "likely" to cover sex change surgery
verifiable:The health care reform plan would set limits similar to the "socialized" system in Britain, where people are allowed to die if their treatment would cost more than $22,000.
verifiable:Club for Growth's health care ad campaign is misleading
verifiable:A loophole "still exists which allows members of Congress and high-powered executive branch appointees to exploit 'insider' knowledge of the financial industry in order to turn personal profit."
verifiable:Public Citizen gets it right about insider trading rules
verifiable:Stimulus tax cuts "began showing up in paychecks of 4.8 million Indiana households about three months ago."
verifiable:Obama flubs number of Indiana households getting tax break during speech
verifiable:Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. "spent $1.3 trillion on tax cuts for the wealthy" and "trillions" each on a war and on Medicare drug benefits.
verifiable:Donna Brazile says Bush spent $1.3 trillion on tax cuts, trillions each on war and drugs for seniors
verifiable:A former Clinton administration official and other economists agree that "if you keep extending these temporary unemployment benefits, you're just going to extend joblessness even more."  
verifiable:Michelle Malkin says former Clinton official says extending unemployment benefits is counterproductive
verifiable:"The John McCain Twitter account has more than 1.1 million followers. The official White House Twitter account has only about 830,000."  
verifiable:CNN's King doesn't provide full count for Obama Twitter followers
verifiable:If you log into the government's Cash for Clunkers Web site (cars.gov) from your home computer, the government can "seize all of your personal and private" information, and track your computer activity.            
verifiable:On Glenn Beck's Fox News program, Guilfoyle claims government's Cash for Clunkers Web site would give government complete access to your home computer
verifiable:President Barack Obama suggested on national TV that the Democratic health care bill "will have government decide" that a healthy, 100-year-old woman in need of a pacemaker "should take a pain pill" instead.
verifiable:Lungren says Obama would have government require a centenarian to get a pill, not a pacemaker
verifiable:"The Congressional Budget Office most recently came out and analyzed the current (health care) plan and said that it was not only deficit-neutral, but also that over 10 years it would create a $6 billion surplus."
verifiable:Carnahan misquotes CBO about cost of health care reform plan
verifiable:"53 percent of Americans cut back on their health care in the last year because of costs."
verifiable:Pascrell says 53 percent of Americans cut back on health care due to costs
verifiable:Forty-five percent of Americans went without needed care because of costs in 2007.
verifiable:Pascrell says 45 percent of Americans went without needed health care due to cost
verifiable:"All non-US citizens, illegal or not, will be provided with free health care services."
verifiable:No free health care for illegal immigrants in the health bill
verifiable:"All private healthcare plans must conform to government rules to participate in a Healthcare Exchange."
verifiable:Health care exchange is government's way of regulating insurers
verifiable:In the health care bill, "The 'Health Choices Commissioner' will decide health benefits for you. You will have no choice. None."
verifiable:Health Choices Commissioner does not decide your health benefits
verifiable:John Holdren, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, "has proposed forcing abortions and putting sterilants in the drinking water to control population."  
verifiable:Glenn Beck claims science czar John Holdren proposed forced abortions and putting sterilants in the drinking water to control population
verifiable:"The Senate voted this week to allow illegal aliens access to Social Security benefits."
verifiable:Claims the Senate voted to give undocumented workers Social Security benefits
verifiable:Only 15 percent of drug users are African-American, yet 74 percent of all drug offenders sentenced to prison are black  
verifiable:Arianna Huffington calls drug imprisonment rates for blacks disproportionate
verifiable:"Four percent of American citizens are black males, but they are 35 percent of murder victims."  
verifiable:Bill Bennett understates his point on black murder victims
verifiable:   White House spokesman Robert Gibbs "lied" when he said President Obama's birth certificate is posted on the Internet.
verifiable:'Birthers' claim Gibbs lied when he said Obama's birth certificate is posted on the Internet
verifiable:"Doctors, nurses, hospitals, even the pharmaceutical industry, (and) AARP" say that health reform "makes sense to do."
verifiable:Obama says there is widespread support for health care reform
verifiable:"14,000 Americans . . . lose their health insurance every single day."
verifiable:Obama claims 14,000 lose health insurance every day
verifiable:The health care reform bill "would make it mandatory — absolutely require — that every five years people in Medicare have a required counseling session that will tell them how to end their life sooner."
verifiable:McCaughey claims end-of-life counseling will be required for Medicare patients
verifiable:Health insurance companies are "making record profits, right now."
verifiable:One health insurance company turned a profit, but not a record 
verifiable:There were more job losses per month in the last three months under President Bush than in the past three months under President Obama.
verifiable:Rep. Steny Hoyer claims there were more job losses in Bush's last three months than last three under Obama
verifiable:The health care reform bill -- on Page 16 -- outlaws private insurance.
verifiable:Private health insurance not banned on page 16 of the House bill
verifiable:"The government is going to tell Americans they need to replace functioning stoves in their homes with 'government-certified' stoves and use taxpayer dollars to do so."  
verifiable:House Republicans say the government will take old wood stoves
verifiable:The stimulus "has delivered $43 billion in tax relief to American working families and businesses"
verifiable:Obama overstates tax relief to individuals and businesses
verifiable:On mandating health care coverage.
verifiable:Obama flip-flops on requiring people to buy health care
verifiable:On a cap-and-trade plan.  
verifiable:Palin flips on her support of cap-and-trade
verifiable:The Obama administration has spent millions of taxpayer dollars for roadside signs to tout the economic stimulus.
verifiable:Bennett says stimulus is spending too much on road signs promoting stimulus
verifiable:"Job losses are so certain under this new cap-and-tax plan that it includes a provision accommodating newly unemployed workers from the resulting dried-up energy sector, to the tune of $4.2 billion over eight years. So much for creating jobs."  
verifiable:Palin claims that the cap-and-trade bill includes a $4.2 billion worker program
verifiable:On a single-payer health care system.
verifiable:Obama statements on single-payer have changed a bit
verifiable:"Only about 6.8 percent of the (stimulus) money has actually been spent."
verifiable:Sen. Jon Kyl says only 6.8 percent of stimulus has been spent
verifiable:"Across the country, $174 billion of the Recovery Act have been committed in its first 130 days."
verifiable:Vice President  Biden claims $174 billion of stimulus has been committed
verifiable:Rep. Adam Putnam was silent when Rush Limbaugh called Sonia Sotomayor a racist.
verifiable:Ad on Rush Limbaugh and Sonia Sotomayor gets Adam Putnam's position wrong
verifiable:The Obama administration offered "$900 million to Hamas, a recognized terrorist organization, to rebuild Gaza."
verifiable:Republican National Committee claims Obama administration offered $900 million to Hamas to rebuild Gaza
verifiable:"Under the new and little known 'global justice' initiative," the Obama administration has ordered FBI agents to "read Miranda Rights to high-value terrorist detainees captured on the battlefield."
verifiable:GOP claims Obama has ordered FBI to read Miranda Rights to terrorist detainees captured on the battlefield
verifiable:"Now, there was a time when someone like Scalia and Ginsburg got 95-plus votes."
verifiable:Supreme Court nominees got Senate votes with big margins
verifiable:A new Rasmussen poll shows people "oppose (Sotomayor's) confirmation. Only 37 percent support it."
verifiable:Poll on Sonia Sotomayor support shows even divide
verifiable:"Obama's Justice-designate Sotomayor threw out (the New Haven firefighters') lawsuit in a sneaky, unsigned opinion -- the judicial equivalent of 'talk to the hand.'"  
verifiable:Ann Coulter wrong about Sotomayor unsigned opinion in Ricci New Haven firefighter case
verifiable:On the day the House voted on the climate change bill, "there was not even a copy of the bill in the well of the House, which is standard. It wasn't even written."  
verifiable:Limbaugh claims the climate bill wasn't written when it came up for a vote
verifiable:"We were promised. The president said we would keep unemployment under 8.5 percent (if the stimulus passed)."
verifiable:Cantor and other Republicans say Obama promised stimulus would keep unemployment rates below 8 percent
verifiable:"We import more oil today than ever before."
verifiable:Obama's wrong on oil imports
verifiable:"In North Carolina, they used stimulus money to hire one new state worker. His job, apply for more stimulus funds from the taxpayers by the way of the federal government."
verifiable:Boehner claims city uses stimulus money to hire someone to apply for more stimulus money
verifiable:"In Wisconsin, the stimulus paid for a bridge to a bar called Rusty's Backwater Saloon. They've got great burgers, but no new jobs."
verifiable:Boehner ad says stimulus paid for a Bridge to Rusty's
verifiable:"Californians consume 40 percent less energy per person than the national average"
verifiable:Obama says that Californians use 40 percent less energy than most
verifiable:Mitch McConnell opposed "legislation to create and protect Kentucky jobs . . . help for the unemployed. . .  health care for Kentucky's children," and "fair pay for women."
verifiable:Mitch McConnell's record distorted by Democratic campaign ad
verifiable:"The ACLU has filed a suit to have all military cross-shaped headstones removed."
verifiable:No ACLU lawsuit over cross-shaped headstones
verifiable:"If the United States moves ahead by itself (on cap-and-trade)... after 30 or 40 years, we're going to reduce CO2 by less than 1 percent."  
verifiable:Claims that U.S. will only reduce carbon emissions by 1 percent unless others help
verifiable:   The Free Flow of Information Act of 2009 "would guarantee Barack Obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth documents."  
verifiable:E-mail claims Free Flow of Information Act would protect Obama from having to produce birth certificate
verifiable:During a town hall meeting on health care, "ABC didn't even allow ads that opposed the president's health care plan to be aired."
verifiable:ABC and broadcast networks steer clear of controversial issue ads
verifiable:Every year tobacco kills more Americans than did World War II — more than AIDS, cocaine, heroin, alcohol, vehicular accidents, homicide and suicide combined.  
verifiable:Claims that smoking kills more people annually than other dangerous activities combined
verifiable:ACORN will be a paid partner with the Census Bureau and "they will be in charge of going door-to-door and collecting data from the American public."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann claims ACORN getting money to work for Census Bureau 
verifiable:   Says the Constitution only requires her to tell the census "how many people are in our home."  
verifiable:Michele Bachmann claims Constitution only requires you to answer how many people are in your household
verifiable:"Medicare and Medicaid are the single biggest drivers of the federal deficit and the federal debt by a huge margin."
verifiable:Obama says Medicare and Medicaid are largest deficit drivers. Yes, over the long term.
verifiable:Says the Congressional Budget Office estimates a cap-and-trade program would cost the average family the equivalent of "a postage stamp a day."
verifiable:Claims that the CBO predicts cap-and-trade will cost about as much as a stamp a day
verifiable:"Yes, this would be the same congressman (Rep. Pete Hoekstra) who last year Tweeted the whereabouts of a top-secret mission to Iraq."  
verifiable:Olbermann says Rep. Hoekstra Tweeted whereabouts of top secret mission to Iraq
verifiable:Even high estimates for an early draft of the health care plan are "less than the $1.8 trillion cost of the Bush tax cuts."  
verifiable:Bush tax cuts greater than health care? Probably.
verifiable:The war spending bill "actually spends more money on the International Monetary Fund than on the war."
verifiable:Claims that the war spending bill does more for the IMF than the wars
verifiable:Under the "Cash for Clunkers" program, "all we've got to do is ... go to a local junkyard, all you've got to do is tow it to your house. And you're going to get $4,500."
verifiable:Hannity claims loophole in Cash for Clunkers program would allow people to buy and then trade in a junker
verifiable:Says President Obama was wrong "about Muslims' historical contributions to mankind, such as algebra (actually that was the ancient Babylonians), the compass (that was the Chinese), pens (the Chinese again) and medical discoveries."  
verifiable:Ann Coulter criticizes Obama on Muslim history
verifiable:"Why do we have automatic citizenship upon birth? We're the only country in the world that has it."  
verifiable:Glenn Beck, on anchor babies, claims U.S. is only country with automatic citizenship upon birth
verifiable:"Some 500 detainees were released from Guantanamo during the Bush administration."
verifiable:More than 500 Guantanamo detainees were released or transferred under Bush 
verifiable:"A new poll shows 62 percent support the president's plan to reform health care. That means ... letting you choose between keeping the private insurance you have and a public health insurance plan."
verifiable:62 percent support new health care legislation, not Barack Obama's particular plan
verifiable:Oil money from federal leases "can only be used to clean up the mess and damages from drilling."
verifiable:Sen. Bill Nelson says offshore drilling won't pay for Florida schools
verifiable:In Texas, "the No. 1 name for new male babies — many of whom will vote one day — is Jose."  
verifiable:Jose is No. 1 baby name in Texas — Social Security Administration says so
verifiable:"Obama has more czars than the Romanovs."
verifiable:McCain says Obama has more czars than the Romanovs
verifiable:Under a public health care option, 120 million Americans will "lose what they now get from private companies and be forced onto the government-run rolls as businesses decide it is more cost-effective for them to drop coverage."  
verifiable:Rove's op-ed distorts health study
verifiable:Palin said stimulus money for weatherization required "universal energy building codes for Alaska, kind of a one-size-fits-all building code that isn't going to work up there in Alaska."
verifiable:Sarah Palin says she vetoed stimulus money for energy efficiency because it required tougher building codes 
verifiable:Contends that President Obama "literally said (if) his cap-and-trade proposals were to pass, that utility rates, his words now, would, 'necessarily skyrocket.'"  
verifiable:Pence claims that Obama said energy costs will skyrocket with a cap-and-trade plan
verifiable:Sixty-two percent of all personal bankruptcies are "caused by medical problems."
verifiable:Medical bankruptcy study not so clear-cut
verifiable:"In the first round of repayments"  from financial institutions that received TARP money, "the government has actually turned a profit."
verifiable:Obama says government has so far turned a profit on money used to stabilize banks
verifiable:Inside the stimulus package "is anti-Christian legislation that will stop churches from using public schools for meeting on Sundays, as well as Boy Scouts and student Bible study groups."  
verifiable:Stimulus bill won't change status of Sunday school
verifiable:Says Vice President Joe Biden "admits that the American people are being scammed" with the economic stimulus package.
verifiable:Boehner claims Biden said the stimulus is scamming the American people
verifiable:Says he didn't call Dr. George Tiller a baby killer, as liberal groups charge, but was merely reporting what "some prolifers branded him."  
verifiable:Bill O'Reilly called George Tiller "a baby killer" without attribution
verifiable:"If you actually took the number of Muslims [sic] Americans, we'd be one of the largest Muslim countries in the world."
verifiable:Obama claims America is one of the largest Muslim countries
verifiable:There are billions of barrels of oil beneath our oceans and in Alaska, and there is ample oil shale in the Rocky Mountain West, but Democrats "say all this American energy is off limits."
verifiable:Sen. John Barrasso claims Democrats against drilling for oil
verifiable:On calling Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor a racist. 
verifiable:Gingrich reverses on calling Sotomayor a racist
verifiable:"The Department of Justice, under the Obama administration, disagrees with the decision" Judge Sotomayor made in the Ricci vs. DeStefano case.
verifiable:McConnell claims Department of Justice disagreed with Sotomayor in Ricci firefighter case
verifiable:"President Obama will now own 60 percent of GM, and his union buddies will own almost 20 percent."
verifiable:RNC chairman Michael Steele claims that the government will be part owner of General Motors
verifiable:In the 100 days since its passage, the economic stimulus has "saved or created nearly 150,000 jobs."
verifiable:150,000 jobs "created or saved"? Maybe. 
verifiable:"The nuclear test conducted in our nation this time is the Earth's 2,054th nuclear test. The five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council have conducted 99.99 percent of the total nuclear tests."
verifiable:North Korea contends that the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council have conducted 99.99 percent of all nuclear tests
verifiable:Sotomayor "ruled against the white firefighter — Ricci and other white firefighters — just on the basis that she thought women and minorities should be given a preference because of their skin color and because of the history of discrimination in the past. The law was totally disregarded."  
verifiable:Rush Limbaugh says Sotomayor disregarded law to rule against white firefighters
verifiable:"Sotomayor has had her rulings thrown out by the court a troubling four times."
verifiable:Libertarian party claims Sonia Sotomayor has had four rulings thrown out by the Supreme Court
verifiable:Sotomayor thinks "that one’s sex, race and ethnicity ought to affect the decisions one renders from the bench."
verifiable:Sotomayor's comment about Latina women versus white men
verifiable:"Walking in the door (Sonia Sotomayor) would bring more experience on the bench, and more varied experience on the bench, than anyone currently serving on the United States Supreme Court had when they were appointed."
verifiable:Sotomayor's experience does not significantly outstrip other justices
verifiable:Judge Sotomayor has said "that policy is made on the U.S. Court of Appeals."
verifiable:RNC claims Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor said judges make policy 
verifiable:Cheney is "disagreeing with President Bush's policy. President Bush stated repeatedly to international audiences and to the country that he wanted to close Guantanamo."
verifiable:Colin Powell overstates Bush-Cheney differences on closing Guantanamo
verifiable:"President Obama's own director of national intelligence, Admiral Blair, put it this way: 'High-value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used and provided a deeper understanding of the al-Qaida organization that was attacking this country.'"
verifiable:Dick Cheney claims Blair said high-value information came from controversial enhanced interrogation techniques
verifiable:"You've heard endlessly about waterboarding. It happened to three terrorists."
verifiable:Dick Cheney says only three terror suspects were ever waterboarded
verifiable:"Nobody has ever escaped from one of our federal 'supermax' prisons."
verifiable:No inmate has escaped from federal supermax prison
verifiable:ACORN "could get up to $8.5 billion more tax dollars despite being under investigation for voter registration fraud in a dozen states."
verifiable:Bachmann claims ACORN has access to $8.5 billion in federal money
verifiable:"The reality is, we are holding some of the most dangerous terrorists in the world right now in our federal prisons, including the mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, the 'shoe bomber,' the 'Unabomber,' and many others."
verifiable:Durbin correct that convicted terrorists are in federal prisons
verifiable:A public option for health care would end private insurance "because the private insurance people will not be able to compete with a government option."
verifiable:Some private health insurance can survive public option
verifiable:The Democrats propose "a government-controlled health care plan that will deprive roughly 120 million Americans of their current health care coverage."  
verifiable:120 million "deprived" of health care is not correct
verifiable:"Democrats have failed to answer the most basic question of how they want to pay for the more than $1 trillion of health care spending."
verifiable:Democrats still pondering how to pay for healthcare
verifiable:"The Pentagon under the Obama administration has just acknowledged seizing and burning the privately owned Bibles of American soldiers serving in Afghanistan."
verifiable:Bibles sent to soldier in Afghanistan for local distribution were confiscated and destroyed
verifiable:"Our government has now 'spent, lent, or committed' $12.8 trillion in its attempt to blunt the recession."
verifiable:Gov. Sanford cites Bloomberg statistic that the U.S. has "spent, lent or committed" nearly $13 trillion to blunt the recession
verifiable:The federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act bill would create "special protection for pedophiles."
verifiable:Rep. Steve King claims federal Hate Crime law would provide special protection to pedophiles and other sexual deviants
verifiable:On releasing photographs depicting the abuse of prisoners.
verifiable:Obama reverses on release of abuse photos
verifiable:Democrats in Congress "had control since  January of 2007. They haven't passed a law making waterboarding illegal. They  haven't gone into any of these things and changed law."
verifiable:Gingrich wrong on Democrats and waterboarding
verifiable:"The president of the United States ... agrees with me" that marriage should be between a man and a woman.
verifiable:Miss USA runner-up Carrie Prejean's comments on same-sex marriage mirror Obama's
verifiable:Senators who have accepted millions in campaign contributions from the financial industry voted against allowing bankruptcy judges to modify home mortgages.
verifiable:MoveOn targets senators who opposed new bankruptcy rules for homeowners
verifiable:"We were not, I repeat, were not told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation methods were used."
verifiable:CIA documents say Speaker Pelosi was told about enhanced interrogation techniques
verifiable:The economic stimulus bill created a council that's "modeled after the national board that controls Britain’s health system."
verifiable:Health board in the stimulus bill not meant to imitate Britain
verifiable:Obama used $20 million in federal money "to emmigrate (sic) Hamas Refugees to the USA."
verifiable:Money for humanitarian aid, not emigration assistance
verifiable:Obama's "first call (as president) to any head of state was to Mahmoud Abbas, leader of Fatah party in the Palestinian territory."
verifiable:One of Obama's first calls was to Palestinian leader, and Israeli leader
verifiable:Pay-as-you-go "is the principle that helped transform large deficits into surpluses in the 1990s."
verifiable:Obama exaggerates role of "pay as you go" in balancing federal budget
verifiable:The Republican Party has "21 percent party ID and shrinking."
verifiable:Republican Party identification is shrinking
verifiable:Sen. Arlen Specter's party switch could "end up giving Republicans the ability to filibuster judicial nominees at the Judiciary Committee level so that the nominees never get out of committee."  
verifiable:Rush is right about Judiciary Committee rules
verifiable:Cass Sunstein, President Obama's nominee for regulatory czar, "wants to give legal standing to animals so they can sue you for eating meat."   
verifiable:Sunstein has said people ought to be able to sue on behalf of abused animals
verifiable:"Barack Obama's nominee for 'regulatory czar' has advocated a 'Fairness Doctrine' for the Internet" that would require links to opposing opinions.
verifiable:Cass Sunstein once considered a "Fairness Doctrine" of sorts for the Internet, but then thought better of it
verifiable:"When one person sneezes, it goes all the way through the aircraft."
verifiable:Biden wrong on the way germs travel through an aircraft
verifiable:On switching parties.
verifiable:Specter's party change shows the Full Flop in its finest form
verifiable:In the 1970s, "the swine flu broke out . . . under another Democrat, President Jimmy Carter."
verifiable:Michele Bachmann wrong that swine flu broke out under Carter 
verifiable:Washing your hands and covering your mouth when you cough "makes a huge difference" in reducing transmission of the flu.
verifiable:Studies show handwashing reduces disease
verifiable:In Iraq, "civilian deaths, incidents of bombings, etc., remain very low relative to what was going on last year."
verifiable:Obama correct that civilian deaths and bombings are down in Iraq
verifiable:"About halfway through fiscal year 2009, Washington has run out of money." 
verifiable:Boehner cites "Debt Day" numbers carefully
verifiable:"The Geneva Convention did not apply, until 2005, to the war on terror."
verifiable:Sen. Lindsey Graham claims that Geneva Conventions didn't apply to war on terror until 2005
verifiable:On torture.
verifiable:Gingrich has moderated tone on torture
verifiable:"Already we've identified $2 trillion in deficit reductions over the next decade."
verifiable:Obama's claim on deficit depends on how you figure the numbers
verifiable:"Venezuela is a country whose defense budget is probably 1/600th of the United States."
verifiable:Obama says Venezuela defense budget 1/600th of the U.S.'s
verifiable:"More than 90 percent of the guns recovered in Mexico come from the United States."
verifiable:Obama claims 90 percent of guns recovered in Mexico come from U.S.
verifiable:It is "the Department of Homeland Security's view that returning military veterans and gun owners are likely to commit terrorist acts."
verifiable:DHS report on right-wing terror risks more cautious than Bilirakis
verifiable:President Obama has never received a paycheck from a profitmaking business in his entire life.  
verifiable:Here's the scoop: Obama has worked in the ice cream business, among many others
verifiable:"Some even advocate wiping out 401(k)s entirely and replacing them with government-run accounts."
verifiable:Boehner says some want to scrap 401(k)s
verifiable:"President Obama is actually increasing Bush-era defense spending by $21 billion in the new fiscal year."  
verifiable:Olbermann is right about base defense spending increase
verifiable:"You can't read a speech by George Washington . . . without hearing him reference God, the Almighty."  
verifiable:Rush Limbaugh incorrect about Washington's religious views
verifiable:Gov. Sarah Palin "got precisely zero support for her call for Alaska's Democratic Senator Mark Begich to resign because Ted Stevens' corruption conviction was overturned."  
verifiable:Maddow claims Palin got zero support for her idea, only it wasn't hers, and others supported it
verifiable:"Congress shoveled $700 billion into the Troubled Assets Relief Program, $325 billion of which has been spent without purchasing any toxic assets."  
verifiable:Columnist Will correct that initial TARP money did not buy toxic assets
verifiable:"There are no similar clips of Newt Gingrich talking about how ineffective President Bush was in trying to control North Korea."  
verifiable:O'Donnell alleges Gingrich laid off Bush, record indicates otherwise
verifiable:Claims that former Sen. Tom Daschle said, "Seniors should be more accepting of the conditions that come with age instead of treating them."
verifiable:Daschle didn't say seniors should accept rather that treat conditions that come with age
verifiable:"There has been no net global warming for over a decade now."  
verifiable:Cato Institutes claim on global warming disputed by most experts
verifiable:"Secretary Geithner has left the option on the table" of abandoning the dollar for a multinational currency.
verifiable:In defending U.S. currency, Bachmann distorts Geithner's comments about dollar
verifiable:"2008 was the deadliest year of the war (in Afghanistan) for American forces."
verifiable:Conditions in Afghanistan have deteriorated for soldiers and civilians alike
verifiable:On the propriety of budget reconciliation.
verifiable:Judd Gregg is against reconcilation now, but has been for it in past
verifiable:"The administration raises revenue for nationalized health care through a series of new taxes, including a light switch tax that would cost every American household $3,128 a year."
verifiable:GOP full of hot air about Obama's "light switch tax"
verifiable:The Republican leadership's budget proposal "doesn't contain any numbers."
verifiable:Republican budget proposal lacks numbers on revenues and costs
verifiable:The Employee Free Choice Act mandates the "elimination of the secret ballot."
verifiable:Secret ballots would be rare, but not eliminated
verifiable:Obama's budget plan would "take national debt up to about 80 percent of gross national product. ... Historically, it's been about 40 percent."
verifiable:Judd Gregg says Obama's budget drives national debt to 80 percent of GDP
verifiable:His proposed budget would "cut our deficit in half by the end of my first term."
verifiable:Obama promises to cut the deficit in half in four years
verifiable:"As a percentage of gross domestic product, we are reducing nondefense discretionary spending to its lowest level since the '60s, lower than it was under Reagan, lower than it was under Clinton, lower than it was under Bush, or both Bushes."
verifiable:Obama's claim about discretionary spending relies on one number 
verifiable:Obama's proposed budget "doubles the debt in five years, triples it in 10 years."
verifiable:Judd Gregg says Obama's budget doubles the national debt in five years
verifiable:Under Obama's budget plan, families making over $250,000 are "going to lose their mortgage deduction, their charitable deductions."
verifiable:Cynthia Lummis claims families who make over $250,000 would lose their mortgage and charitable deductions under Obama plan
verifiable:Obama nominee Dawn Johnsen "called motherhood 'involuntary servitude.'"
verifiable:Republicans accuse nominee Johnsen of supporting abortion rights but opposing motherhood
verifiable:"Warren (Buffett) still does support me."
verifiable:Billionaire Warren Buffett still backs Obama
verifiable:On whether he wrote a provision that allowed AIG to dole out bonuses.
verifiable:Dodd flip-flopped on whether he changed amendment on bonuses to AIG and banks 
verifiable:"Tens of billions of dollars (from taxpayer-funded bailouts) ... flowed straight through AIG into the coffers of foreign corporations and foreign banks."  
verifiable:Tens of billions in AIG bailout went to foreign companies
verifiable:"Senator Chris Dodd, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, placed an amendment in the ‘stimulus’ bill that allowed for banks bailed out with taxpayer money — including AIG — to hand out huge bonuses."
verifiable:Dodd failed to halt bailout bonuses, but he did limit future ones
verifiable:"The 1908 Model T earned better gas mileage than a typical SUV sold in 2008."
verifiable:Model T got better mileage than SUVs
verifiable:AIG "said they were giving $57 million (in retention payments) to people who were being terminated."
verifiable:AIG retention bonuses going to employees it plans to terminate
verifiable:"We had bipartisan legislation that got through the Senate" that would have prevented bonuses like AIG's "and then somehow mysteriously disappeared."
verifiable:Wyden and Snowe wanted AIG bonus money back
verifiable:"AIG insures the pension trust of the United States Congress!"
verifiable:AIG does not insure the pensions of Congress
verifiable:In Japan, executives of failing companies "say 'I'm sorry' and then either do one of two things: resign or go commit  suicide."
verifiable:Executives in Japan do not regularly commit suicide
verifiable:"Last week the Blue Chip Economic Indicators came out that surveys lots of private forecasters. Almost all of them are predicting a turnaround in the third quarter and positive growth in the fourth quarter."
verifiable:Yes, but take this prediction with a grain of salt
verifiable:"I don't do earmarks. I've never done one. I'm not going to do one."
verifiable:Yes, Rep. John Boehner has never asked for earmarks 
verifiable:"In eighth grade math, we’ve fallen to ninth place."
verifiable:Eighth graders are in ninth, but showing improvement, not falling
verifiable:   "No Bridge to Nowhere could occur."
verifiable:Bridge to Nowhere could not happen again, Schumer says 
verifiable:"Look, the earmarks have come down significantly, 75 percent."
verifiable:Earmarks down, but not 75 percent
verifiable:"A middle-class family donates $1 to charity, they get 15 cents off their income tax. Bill Gates donates $1 to charity, he takes 35 cents off his income tax."
verifiable:White House highlights one way the tax code goes easy on the rich
verifiable:Republican leaders said "no" to "tax cuts for 95% of working Americans."
verifiable:Republicans opposed Obama's stimulus but not tax cuts
verifiable:"The average CEO makes $10,000 more every day ... than what the average worker makes every year."
verifiable:Biden points out disparities between CEO and average worker pay
verifiable:"Teddy Roosevelt first called for (health care) reform nearly a century ago."
verifiable:Obama invokes Republican icons on health care
verifiable:"Under the Obama plan . . . all the health care in this country is eventually going to  be run by the government." 
verifiable:Obama health plan does not call for government-run health care
verifiable:"In just one month, the Democrats have spent more than President Bush spent in seven years on the war in Iraq, the war in Afghanistan and Hurricane Katrina combined."
verifiable:McConnell contends Democrats have already exceeded Iraq, Afghanistan and Katrina spending 
verifiable:"The president campaigned against this type of legislation."
verifiable:Spending bill wasn't candidate Obama's "type," Boehner points out
verifiable:The omnibus bill has only $3.8 billion in earmarks.
verifiable:Democrats too low with $3.8 billion earmark estimate for Omnibus
verifiable:"The president's plan, even after the end of its withdrawal timeline is reached, will leave in place up to 50,000 U.S. troops."
verifiable:McCain says Obama will leave troops in Iraq — wishful thinking?
verifiable:The stimulus bill includes "$8 billion for high-speed rail projects, such as a 'magnetic levitation' line from Las Vegas to Disneyland."
verifiable:Jindal's not as off the rails as some have said
verifiable:A new presidential helicopter "is now going to cost as much as Air Force One."  
verifiable:McCain says presidential helicopters now more costly than Air Force One 
verifiable:"We are making the largest investment in education in our nation’s history."
verifiable:For the feds, yes, this is big school spending
verifiable:Says former Clinton budget director Alice Rivlin said the stimulus bill "won't actually stimulate the economy."
verifiable:Sanford incorrectly describes Rivlin comment on stimulus bill
verifiable:The omnibus spending bill has "9,427 pork barrel items."
verifiable:McCain says Omnibus bill packed with earmarks and pork
verifiable:Louisiana is turning down $100 million "that would require  us to change our unemployment law, that would have actually raised taxes on  Louisiana businesses."
verifiable:Jindal says unemployment measures in stimulus will cost the state money
verifiable:"The Congressional Budget Office has found that (the stimulus) bill will lead to a real 0.1 to 0.3 percent reduction in gross domestic product by 2019."
verifiable:Sanford distorts impact of stimulus bill
verifiable:"When the salmonella source was finally identified, FDA officials had to wait for industry approval before they could go live with the [peanut] recall."
verifiable:Congresswoman's portrait of a toothless FDA is correct
verifiable:If we got solar energy from "an area of the Southwestern desert 100 miles on a side, that would be enough, in and of itself, to provide 100 percent of all the electricity needs for the United States of America in a full year."
verifiable:Al Gore is optimistic about solar energy, and pretty accurate, too
verifiable:The stimulus has "$30 million in there to protect mice in San Francisco."  
verifiable:No money in the stimulus for San Francisco mice
verifiable:There is a provision in the economic stimulus plan that means that "students cannot meet together in their dorms, if that dorm has been repaired with this federal money, and have a prayer group or a Bible study."
verifiable:DeMint says stimulus plan would bar students from having prayer meetings in dorms
verifiable:"The Obama Administration wants to have soldiers and officers pledge a loyalty  oath directly to the office of the President, and no longer to the Constitution."
verifiable:Bloggers post bogus claim about Obama and military oath
verifiable:"Nancy Pelosi wants a Windfall Tax on Retirement Income."
verifiable:Bogus e-mail is wrong about Pelosi and 'windfall profits' from stocks 
verifiable:"Putting three Republicans in my Cabinet...is unprecedented."
verifiable:Three Cabinet appointees from opposing party is unmatched
verifiable:"You and I know that in the history of mankind and womankind, government — federal, state, local, or otherwise — has never created one job."
verifiable:Steele says government has never created a job. We conclude the opposite.
verifiable:The Congressional Budget Office "estimates that only 15 percent of this stimulus package will be spent in 2009" and only 37 percent in 2010.
verifiable:Many choices for CBO numbers for 2009 and 2010
verifiable:On attacks by Republicans that various programs in the economic stimulus plan are not stimulative, "If you add all that stuff up, it accounts for less than 1 percent of the overall package."
verifiable:Obama says Republicans are quibbling over less than 1 percent of the stimulus plan
verifiable:"Obama taps porn lawyer for #2 at Justice."
verifiable:Obama Porn Lawyer Laid Bare
verifiable:"The average bonus [on Wall Street] is about $100,000...The bonuses on Wall Street are down 44 percent."
verifiable:FedEx chair delivers perspective on bonuses
verifiable:The stimulus bill contains "$20 million for the removal of small to medium-sized fish passage barriers" and "$25 million to rehabilitate off-roading trails for ATVs."  
verifiable:Stimulus has money to help fish, off-roaders
verifiable:"There are no earmarks" in the stimulus bill.
verifiable:Stimulus bill includes projects that some consider earmarks
verifiable:The Senate version of the economic stimulus package includes "millions of dollars to World War II Filipino veterans in the Philippines."
verifiable:Stimulus plan includes plan to compensate Filipino vets, but no actual money
verifiable: To give the proposed economic stimulus plan some perspective, "if you started the day Jesus Christ was born and spent $1 million every day since then, you still wouldn’t have spent $1 trillion."
verifiable:Stimulus plan comes to more than a million bucks a day since Jesus Christ was born
verifiable:"The (economic stimulus) legislation could open billions of taxpayer dollars to left-wing groups like the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN)."
verifiable:In theory, ACORN could compete for some home rebuilding money in stimulus plan
verifiable:"There is no disagreement that we need action by our government, a recovery plan that will help to jump-start the economy."
verifiable:Some economists disagree with Obama
verifiable:"The House Democrats' so-called 'stimulus' has been stuffed with an astonishing $335 million to fund prevention programs of sexually transmitted diseases."
verifiable:STD spending is in the economic stimulus plan
verifiable:"In Chicago, school is never canceled" because of winter weather.
verifiable:Obama says Chicago schools never close for snow
verifiable:Democrats compare the infrastructure programs in the stimulus to the Eisenhower interstate program, "but he proposed a $500 billion highway system, and they're going to put $30 billion" into roads and bridges.
verifiable:Mica correct roads and bridges are small part of stimulus 
verifiable:"For every dollar (in the stimulus package) that is spent to help small businesses, $4 is being spent to help upkeep the grass on the lawns of Washington."
verifiable:Cantor says more in stimulus for Washington grass than small businesses
verifiable:The stimulus bill includes "$300,000 for a sculpture garden in Miami."
verifiable:Does the stimulus package really include $300,000 for a sculpture garden?
verifiable:"Our economy could fall $1 trillion short of its full capacity, which translates into more than $12,000 in lost income for a family of four."
verifiable:Obama's numbers on lost income require explanation
verifiable:Democrats have said that "even one hearing (on the stimulus bill) would be one too many, and that we have a single day to approve these five complex propositions that will affect the lives of millions."
verifiable:Barton correct that Congress getting little review of economic stimulus package
verifiable:Says a Congressional Budget Office report on spending by House Democrats in the economic stimulus concluded it "is just not stimulus. It won't help the economy grow."
verifiable:Cantor distorts CBO data on stimulus package
verifiable:"We've added, in the last eight years, $4 trillion of debt to the nation's obligations."  
verifiable:$5 trillion added to national debt under Bush
verifiable:U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on whether Senate Democrats would seat Roland Burris.
verifiable:Reid flips on Senate Democrats seating Burris
verifiable:"The Capitol was built by slaves."  
verifiable:The legend of slaves building Capitol is correct
verifiable:On whether to seat Roland Burris as the new senator from Illinois.
verifiable:The Democratic Shift on Roland Burris
verifiable:Energy nominee Steven Chu has called coal "his worst nightmare."
verifiable:Chu said all the world's coal burned up is "worst nightmare"
verifiable:Geithner's failure to pay self-employment taxes while working for the IMF "is a mistake that is commonly made for people who are working internationally or for international institutions."
verifiable:Geithner's 'common' tax error
verifiable:"Geithner still didn't correct the same type of error for some years, even after the Internal Revenue Service flagged him for the failure to pay the taxes in other years."
verifiable:Geithner's second crack at squaring taxes
verifiable:Bush's tax cuts for high earners "have been the biggest contributor to the budget deficit."
verifiable:Tax cuts for rich not biggest deficit factor
verifiable:"The biggest job of the surgeon general is to translate health care and health care needs into plain English."
verifiable:Surgeon General is more than spokesman, oversees public health
verifiable:"Mr. Warren compared same-sex couples to incest."
verifiable:Warren on gay marriage and incest
verifiable:The Rev. Rick Warren "has called Christians who advance a social gospel Marxists."   
verifiable:Group says Warren called some Christians Marxist
verifiable:"Even with recent changes, the average hourly wage at General Motors is still $75 an hour."
verifiable:Big Three hourly wages inflated
verifiable:If Obama's economic plan creates 600,000 new government jobs, "that's about the size of the post office work force."
verifiable:Postal Service employs just over 600,000
verifiable:Obama would "experiment with socialism."
verifiable:The McCain campaign experiments with dishonesty
verifiable:  "And 100 percent, John, of your ads . . . 100 percent of them have been negative."   
verifiable:No, McCain's ads haven't all been negative
verifiable:Obama "changed the rules in Washington. Gone are the free gifts from lobbyists. Gone are the fancy airplane rides for nothing."
verifiable:A player, but not the captain
verifiable:"Senator McCain would pay for part of his (health care) plan by making drastic cuts in Medicare — $882-billion worth."
verifiable:Obama knows McCain's intentions better than McCain?
verifiable:"The McCain campaign is roughly in the position where Vice President Gore was running against President Bush one week before the election of 2000."
verifiable:McCain is further back than Gore was
verifiable:"Sen. Obama has never taken on his party leaders on a single major issue."
verifiable:Obama's no maverick
verifiable:The accuracy of the Obama tax calculator
verifiable:Accurate for some, not so much for others
verifiable:   Michelle Obama ordered $400 worth of lobster and caviar at a New York hotel.
verifiable:Official-looking receipt is a fake
verifiable:"The race will tighten, just because that's what happens at the end of campaigns. They always have."
verifiable:Elections tighten almost every time
verifiable:   "Obama raises taxes on seniors (and) hard-working families to give welfare to those who pay none."   
verifiable:It's not welfare
verifiable:"For my energy plan, my economic plan, and the other proposals you'll hear tonight, I've offered spending cuts above and beyond their cost."
verifiable:Proposed cuts are too vague
verifiable:Measures in Barack Obama's health plan could "lower health care costs for the typical family by $2,500 a year."
verifiable:Savings projection is best case scenario
verifiable:"We are within the margin of error."
verifiable:Updated: McCain is right about 5 of 11 polls
verifiable:"Fidel (Castro) has made his preferences known in the campaign and had some very unkind things to say about me."
verifiable:Fidel Castro no fan of McCain 
verifiable:Barack Obama said "people making less than $250,000 would benefit from his plan" then said "if you're a family making less than $200,000, you'll benefit."
verifiable:Different statements, different numbers
verifiable:McCain called for less regulation 21 times just this year.
verifiable:21 bottles of deregulation on the wall
verifiable:"In April, Sen. McCain came out against helping women earn equal pay for equal work."
verifiable:McCain opposed law for equal pay lawsuits
verifiable:McCain is "selectively editing Joe Biden's words...Biden actually said about Barack Obama: 'They're gonna find out this guy's got steel in his spine.'"
verifiable:Campaigns volley over Biden's warning
verifiable:"Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'"
verifiable:'Tiny' ad makes large error
verifiable:"Barack Obama has consistently voted against tougher penalties for criminals."       
verifiable:Felony cherry-picking
verifiable:John McCain's health care plan "won't guarantee coverage of cancer screenings or maternity care."
verifiable:Few "guarantees" in McCain's plan
verifiable:"One percent of the American people make over 21 percent of all the income in America. That wasn’t the way before George Bush became president."
verifiable:The rich are, in fact, getting richer
verifiable:If parents "don't have health insurance that Senator Obama wants them to have (for their children), they will be fined."
verifiable:Fines are possible, but for uninsured
verifiable:Says Obama wants to redesign the American flag "to better offer our enemies hope and love."
verifiable:The Coke theme song and more ridiculous allegations 
verifiable:"Barack Obama's plan gives a driver's license to any illegal who wants one."
verifiable:Not much of a plan here
verifiable:Barack Obama will "raise Social Security taxes."
verifiable:Extra taxes possible for high earners
verifiable:On supporting the Supreme Court abortion decision Roe v. Wade
verifiable:McCain abortion record is consistent.
verifiable:"Barack Obama thinks terrorists just need a good talking to."
verifiable:The RNC needs a good talking to
verifiable:   On which team he's rooting for in the World Series.  
verifiable:Almost a Phanatic
verifiable:"Sen. Obama's campaign announced that he's choosing his  cabinet."
verifiable:No Cabinet picks yet
verifiable:Between 40 and 50 percent of tax filers do not owe any income tax.
verifiable:Closer to 40 percent than 50 percent
verifiable:Barack Obama was "a trial attorney for ACORN."
verifiable:He represented them in one case 
verifiable:In 1992, Barack Obama directed "Project Vote - an arm of ACORN that also encouraged voter registration."
verifiable:Project Vote not "an arm of ACORN"
verifiable:"If Barack Obama would apply for a job with the FBI or with the Secret Service, he would be disqualified because of his past associations with William Ayers."
verifiable:The truth fades into the background
verifiable:  Medicare spends "$15-billion a year on subsidies to insurance companies."  
verifiable:That's a fair estimate
verifiable:"The centerpiece of Senator McCain's education policy is to increase the voucher program in D.C. by 2,000 slots."
verifiable:Centerpiece? More like a side dish
verifiable:"98 percent of small businesses make less than $250,000" and would not see a tax increase under Barack Obama's plan.
verifiable:Most small businesses won't be subject to Obama's tax increases
verifiable:"He voted twice for a budget resolution that increases the taxes on individuals making $42,000 a year."
verifiable:McCain's aim still off on tax votes
verifiable:"Obama said he would unilaterally renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement."
verifiable:Obama's been critical of NAFTA
verifiable:"Congressman John Lewis, an American hero, made allegations that Sarah Palin and I were somehow associated with ... the worst chapter in American history. ... And, Senator Obama, you didn't repudiate those remarks."
verifiable:Obama disagreed, but didn't criticize
verifiable:If you're a small business and don't "adopt the health care plan that Senator Obama mandates, he's going to fine you."
verifiable:Small businesses are exempt
verifiable:Under John McCain's health care plan, people get a $5,000 tax credit to buy a $12,000 health care policy, and "that's a loss for you."
verifiable:A major distortion on McCain's policy
verifiable:"AIG executives ... (took) a junket for over $400,000. Twice."
verifiable:Beating a retreat on a lavish retreat
verifiable:  "The truth was revealed there in that report that showed there was no unlawful or unethical activity on my part."  
verifiable:Report finds Palin violated ethics laws
verifiable:On the economic crisis, "the biggest problem in this whole process was the deregulation of the financial system."
verifiable:Lax regulation contributed, among other things
verifiable:"I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke [in March 2007], and told them this is something we have to deal with, and nobody did anything about it."
verifiable:2007 was too late to head off the crisis
verifiable:On the economic troubles of 2008, "really the match that lit this fire was Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac."
verifiable:Fannie and Freddie contributed to wider problem
verifiable:"The Democrats in the Senate and some members of Congress defended what Fannie and Freddie were doing. They resisted any change."
verifiable:There's plenty of bipartisan blame for crisis
verifiable:Obama "voted for ... $3-million for an overhead projector at a planetarium in Chicago."
verifiable:Obama sought the money, but it's no mere projector
verifiable:"(Bill) Ayers and Obama ran a radical education foundation together."
verifiable:Not a radical group, and Ayers didn't run it
verifiable:   Barack Obama voted against "born alive" legislation in Illinois that was "virtually identical to the federal law."
verifiable:2003 legislation had neutrality clause
verifiable:Barack Obama opposed a bill that would have saved Gianna Jessen's life.
verifiable:Abortion survivor would have been protected under existing law
verifiable:John McCain accused Barack Obama "of letting infants die."
verifiable:Obama ad wrong about McCain abortion charge
verifiable:Under Barack Obama's health care proposal, "if you've got a health care plan that you like, you can keep it."
verifiable:Obama's plan expands existing system
verifiable:"I want to give every American a $5,000 refundable tax credit."
verifiable:$5,000 for couples, but half that for "every American"
verifiable:A mortgage buyback plan is "my proposal, it's not Sen. Obama's proposal, it's not President Bush's proposal."
verifiable:The idea is old, but the plan is McCain's
verifiable:John McCain "is proposing tax cuts that would give the average Fortune 500 CEO an additional $700,000 in tax cuts."
verifiable:High earners get a break under McCain's plan
verifiable:"Two years ago...I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke, and told them [subprime lending] is something we have to deal with."
verifiable:Obama sounded the alarm on subprimes
verifiable:Barack Obama's plan calls for "mandates and fines for small businesses."
verifiable:Small businesses exempt from Obama's plan
verifiable:"1.3-million people in America make their living off eBay."
verifiable:eBay's big, but not that big
verifiable:"Senator Obama has voted 94 times to either increase your taxes or against tax cuts."
verifiable:94? Not even close
verifiable:"Oil companies ...currently have 68-million acres that they're not using."
verifiable:Unused acres aren't necessarily being ignored
verifiable:"I have disagreed strongly with the Bush administration on this issue" of global warming.
verifiable:McCain proud to have parted ways with Bush
verifiable:"Senator McCain has been talking tough about earmarks, and that's good, but earmarks account for about $18-billion of our budget."
verifiable:Obama's earmark number is correct
verifiable:"Obama held one of the first meetings of his political career in Bill Ayers's home. And they've worked together on various projects in Chicago."
verifiable:Obama and Ayers, Round II
verifiable:McCain intervened on behalf of Charles Keating with federal regulators... that allowed Keating to continue his fraud at an incredible cost to taxpayers.
verifiable:Obama revives an 80s scandal
verifiable:"John McCain voted against funding the troops because of . . . a timeline in it to draw down American troops."
verifiable:McCain opposed 2007 war funding bill
verifiable:John McCain's health care plan "leaves you on your own to pay McCain’s health insurance tax."
verifiable:Health care ad is right -- until the end
verifiable:"As mayor, every year I was in office I did reduce taxes."
verifiable:Property taxes rates went down, sales tax up
verifiable:"We're building a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline, which is North America's largest and most expensive infrastructure project ever."
verifiable:Palin exaggerates status, cost of pipeline
verifiable:"You had supported John McCain's military strategies pretty adamantly until this race."
verifiable:McCain and Biden agree on military matters? Barely, not adamantly
verifiable:John McCain said "he wouldn't even sit down with the government of Spain, a NATO ally that has troops in Afghanistan with us now."
verifiable:McCain refused to commit
verifiable:"Barack Obama ... 96 percent of his votes have been solely along party line."
verifiable:Yup, Obama votes with the D's
verifiable:Sen. McCain's tax plan provides "virtually nothing to the middle class."
verifiable:McCain's tax plan doesn't ignore middle class
verifiable:"You ... said that Barack Obama was not ready to be commander in chief."
verifiable:Biden's words haunt him
verifiable:"John McCain said...in December he was surprised there was a subprime mortgage problem."
verifiable:Biden more or less right on McCain's subprime surprise
verifiable:Barack Obama's health care plan is "to mandate health care coverage and have a universal government-run program."
verifiable:Obama's plan does not call for government-run health care
verifiable:"Obama, Biden and their liberal allies oppose clean coal."
verifiable:A clean hit? Not quite
verifiable:Says McCain "voted to let governments charge rape victims" for forensic exams.
verifiable:Ad distorts McCain's record on Violence Against Women Act
verifiable:Palin supports "aerial hunting of wolves and other wildlife."
verifiable:Palin supports aerial shooting, for a reason
verifiable:"Under Barack Obama's plan, the government would spend $1-trillion more."
verifiable:Another Truth-O-Meter vs. Spend-O-Meter smackdown
verifiable:"Palin (proposed) a $150 bounty for the severed foreleg of each killed wolf."
verifiable:Palin endorsed wolf bounty
verifiable:"My plan offers three times as much tax relief to the middle class as Senator McCain's."
verifiable:Are you middle class?
verifiable:"John McCain fought to rein in Fannie and Freddie...but Democrats blocked the reforms."
verifiable:Fannie, Freddie and John, at odds in 2006
verifiable:Says that under his tax plan, seniors making less than $50,000 per year won't pay any income taxes.
verifiable:Seniors get a special break
verifiable:  "There are so many loopholes ... our businesses pay effectively one of the lowest tax rates in the world."  
verifiable:Obama oversimplifies corporate taxes
verifiable:Barack Obama "pays for every dime" of his spending plans.
verifiable:Deficit grows under Obama's plans
verifiable:McCain "said the other day that he would not meet potentially with the prime minister of Spain, because he . . . wasn't sure whether they were aligned with us."
verifiable:Yes, wary about Spain -- and maybe confused, too
verifiable:John McCain "has threatened extinction for North Korea and sung songs about bombing Iran."
verifiable:One Obama example is just too old
verifiable:Henry Kissinger "said that we should meet with Iran — guess what — without precondition."
verifiable:Kissinger and Obama aren't really on the same page
verifiable:Under Obama's tax plan, "95 percent of you will get a tax cut."
verifiable:Many will get tax cuts, but not that many
verifiable:"The average South Korean is 3 inches taller than the average North Korean, a huge gulag."
verifiable:Yes, South Koreans taller
verifiable:Obama "has voted in the United States Senate to increase taxes on people who make as low as $42,000 a year."
verifiable:McCain repeats questionable tax claim
verifiable:"Senator Obama has the most liberal voting record in the United States Senate."
verifiable:Several ratings rank Obama lower
verifiable:"President Eisenhower, on the night before the Normandy invasion...[wrote a] letter of resignation to the United States Army for the failure of the landings at Normandy."
verifiable:McCain flubs military history
verifiable:"You know, we spent $3-million to study the DNA of bears in Montana."
verifiable:Bear study funding actually undersold
verifiable:  "He has asked for $932-million of earmark pork-barrel spending, nearly a million dollars for every day that he’s been in the United States Senate."  
verifiable:McCain right on amount of Obama's pork requests
verifiable:House Republicans "weren't part of the negotiations" on the Wall Street bailout plan.
verifiable:Republicans weren't shut out
verifiable:John McCain wants to "give oil companies another $4-billion" in tax breaks.
verifiable:Better context for a once-questionable tax claim
verifiable: "I introduced a bill that would’ve helped stop the multimillion-dollar bonus packages that CEOs grab on their way out.. (McCain) opposed that idea."
verifiable:McCain never talked about the bill
verifiable:"If an Iranian woman shows too much hair in public, she risks being beaten or killed."
verifiable:Iran ain't Miami Beach, but beatings and killings for immodesty? No
verifiable:Obama says McCain went to Bermuda and "pledged to protect tax breaks for American corporations that hide their profits offshore."
verifiable:Yes, McCain said he would oppose some changes
verifiable:  McCain "has opposed stem cell research."  
verifiable:Obama ad distorts McCain's stem cell position
verifiable:"Grateful insurance company executives and their lobbyists" from Bermuda gave McCain $50,000.
verifiable:McCain did get money from Bermuda-connected sources
verifiable:  "Barack Obama has the longest track record of any candidate in this election in support of the 'Bridge To Nowhere.' "  
verifiable:Turning the tables on Obama
verifiable:"Last week Senator Obama's running mate said, get this, 'Raising taxes is patriotic.' "
verifiable:He said it was patriotic to pay higher taxes
verifiable:"Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' the Second Amendment…Ban use of firearms for home defense."
verifiable:Yes, and outlaw apple pie as well
verifiable:"Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' The Second Amendment….Ban the manufacture, sale and possession of handguns."
verifiable:Fuzzy stand in '96 does not amount to a plan
verifiable:Sarah Palin endorsed a Wasilla policy that charged sexual assault victims for their "rape kits."
verifiable:Wasilla had the policy, but Palin didn't comment on it
verifiable:"But if my opponent had his way, the millions of Floridians who rely on it would've had their Social Security tied up in the stock market this week."
verifiable:Obama overstates McCain's plan, whatever that is
verifiable:  John McCain would "reduce oversight of health insurance."  
verifiable:Forecasting another market collapse?
verifiable:Obama ad contends that John McCain endorses Rush Limbaugh's comments about immigration.
verifiable:Limbaugh's not a McCain spokesman
verifiable:On whether the government should bail out insurance giant AIG.
verifiable:McCain neither endorsed nor condemned the bailout
verifiable:Barack Obama got more campaign contributions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac "than any other member of Congress, except for the Democratic chairmen of the committee that oversees them."
verifiable:Their employees have donated
verifiable:"In January, I outlined a plan to help revive our faltering economy, which formed the basis for a bipartisan stimulus package that passed the Congress."
verifiable:Congress didn't pass Obama's economic plan
verifiable:Obama's tax plan cuts taxes "for 95 percent of all working families."
verifiable:A credit for workers cuts taxes for middle class
verifiable:McCain "voted to cut education funding, against accountability standards. He even proposed abolishing the Department of Education."
verifiable:Cherry-picking the record
verifiable:Holding up a BlackBerry, McCain campaign adviser says, "you’re looking at the miracle John McCain helped create."
verifiable:The wireless revolution would have come anyway
verifiable:"I said two years ago that the Fannie and Freddie thing was a very serious problem and we had to work on it."
verifiable:Ringing an alarm, not averting a crisis
verifiable:McCain economic adviser Phil Gramm is "the architect of some of the deregulation in Washington that helped cause the mess on Wall Street."
verifiable:Former adviser supported deregulation
verifiable:"I have never asked for a single earmark, pork barrel project for my state of Arizona."
verifiable:McCain's record on pork: Good, not perfect
verifiable:John McCain said last year he didn't know of a solution to the mortgage crisis.
verifiable:McCain said he had confidence in Paulson
verifiable:"Obama has asked for $932-million in earmarks, literally $1-million for every day that he’s been in Congress."
verifiable:McCain's got Obama over a pork barrel
verifiable:"Through competition as governor, I got agreements to build a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline."
verifiable:There is no agreement to build, and it's not $40-billion
verifiable:"I fought to bring about the largest private-sector infrastructure project in North American history."
verifiable:Not quite the largest, and not quite "brought about"
verifiable:"When George Bush said we shouldn't investigate why the government's response to Hurricane Katrina was so incompetent, John McCain stood with him."  
verifiable:McCain supported Republican-backed investigation
verifiable:"He admits he still doesn't know how to use a computer, can't send an e-mail."
verifiable:McCain is not computer savvy
verifiable:On whether global warming is man-made.  
verifiable:Earlier, she didn't "attribute it to being man-made"
verifiable:Sarah Palin was repeating "Abraham Lincoln's words" in discussing the war in Iraq. 
verifiable:Not far from Lincoln's sentiment
verifiable:Education Week says Obama 'hasn't made a significant mark on education,' is 'elusive' on accountability, and a 'staunch defender of the existing public school monopoly.'
verifiable:Education ad is incomplete
verifiable:Obama's one education accomplishment was "legislation to teach 'comprehensive sex education' to kindergartners."
verifiable:An absurd claim about a bill that never passed
verifiable:"The Books Sarah Palin tried to have banned."
verifiable:Let's ban this list
verifiable:Says Obama called Sarah Palin a pig.
verifiable:If there's lipstick on a pig, it's this McCain ad
verifiable:Palin "inherited a city with zero debt, but left it with indebtedness of over $22-million."
verifiable:Numbers right, context missing
verifiable:John McCain "took on the drug industry."
verifiable:He butted heads with Big Pharma
verifiable:Palin "fired Wasilla's Police Chief because he 'intimidated' her."
verifiable:However, loyalty was the overriding issue
verifiable:"While Sarah was Mayor of Wasilla she tried to fire our highly respected City Librarian because the Librarian refused to consider removing from the library some books that Sarah wanted removed."
verifiable:Story of banned books is murky
verifiable:Palin "stopped the Bridge to Nowhere."
verifiable:A bridge to exaggeration
verifiable:"The average American family" saw income rise $7,500 under Bill Clinton and decline $2,000 under George Bush.
verifiable:Trend is right but numbers are wrong
verifiable:McCain supports tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas.
verifiable:It's not quite that simple
verifiable:John McCain's tax plan will give no reduction "for 100-million American families."
verifiable:100-million people is more accurate
verifiable:"My grandfather came home from ... (World War II) exhausted from the burdens he had borne, and died the next day."
verifiable:History notes elder McCain's passing
verifiable:"For four days in Denver, the Democrats were afraid to use the words 'Islamic terrorism.'"
verifiable:Dems discussed terrorism aplenty
verifiable:"Senator Obama thinks we can achieve energy independence without more drilling and without more nuclear power."
verifiable:Obama not keen on drilling; but not against nuclear power
verifiable:Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid "said, quote, 'I can't stand John McCain.' " 
verifiable:Unreservedly so
verifiable:Sarah Palin "got more votes running for mayor of Wasilla, Alaska, than Joe Biden got running for president of the United States."
verifiable:He's wrong, even without counting all the votes
verifiable:"That luxury jet was over the top. I put it on eBay."
verifiable:No bidders on eBay; sold it offline
verifiable:"I will keep taxes low and cut them where I can. My opponent will raise them."
verifiable:Obama cuts taxes for some, though
verifiable:Palin had "executive experience" in the PTA.
verifiable:Palin was a member, but not an officer, of PTA
verifiable:"My opponent promises to bring back old jobs by wishing away the global economy."
verifiable:Obama talks often about the global economy — but never about wishing it away
verifiable:Obama is the Senate's "most liberal."
verifiable:McCain ad misstates Obama's record
verifiable:Barack Obama supports plans to raise "income taxes ... payroll taxes."
verifiable:Obama's taxes hit only higher incomes
verifiable:"Gov. Palin ... is somebody who actually doesn't believe that climate change is man-made."
verifiable:Palin isn't convinced it's a people problem
verifiable:"I told the Congress 'thanks, but no thanks,' on that Bridge to Nowhere."
verifiable:She killed it, but it was nearly dead
verifiable:"(Palin) supported right-wing extremist Pat Buchanan for president in 2000."
verifiable:Palin wasn't in Buchanan's Brigade
verifiable:"Governor Palin is the most popular governor in the country."
verifiable:She wins popularity contest
verifiable:"He was offered medical care for his injuries if he would give up military information in return. John McCain said, 'No.' "  
verifiable:McCain bargained with his Vietnamese captors
verifiable:Obama voted "to cut off funding for our American troops on the battlefield."
verifiable:If Obama voted against funding the troops, so did Lieberman
verifiable:In the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama "has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done."
verifiable:We found a few things
verifiable:Sarah Palin "already has more executive experience" than Barack Obama and Joe Biden "combined."
verifiable:"Executive" makes it right
verifiable:Sarah Palin "has more experience than Barack Obama."
verifiable:Palin does not exceed Obama
verifiable:On support for the Bridge to Nowhere.
verifiable:As candidate, yes; as governor, no
verifiable:Drilling in ANWR would have minimal impact, covering only "2,000 out of 20-million acres."
verifiable:Yes, 2,000 acres, but spread all over
verifiable:"As governor, I've stood up to ... the big oil companies."
verifiable:Palin sought more taxes and more development from oil companies
verifiable:Joe Biden "voted against the first Gulf War. He opposed the surge. He wanted to partition Iraq."
verifiable:Only as a last resort
verifiable:Sarah Palin "has had 12 years of elected office experience."
verifiable:Ten years in municipal government, two as governor
verifiable:When Sarah Palin was in government, Barack Obama was a community organizer.
verifiable:Palin was a sports reporter when Obama was organizing
verifiable:When oil and gas prices sent state revenues up, Palin sent "a large share of that revenue directly back to the people of Alaska."
verifiable:Each Alaskan got $1,200
verifiable:McCain "said no to higher fuel-efficiency standards for cars."
verifiable:McCain has a mixed record on fuel economy standards 
verifiable:"John McCain has voted with George Bush 90 percent of the time."
verifiable:Update. Obama nailed it
verifiable:McCain voted 19 times against a minimum-wage increase.
verifiable:The Democrats counted correctly
verifiable:"Today, we import triple the amount of oil than we had on the day Senator McCain took office."
verifiable:Indeed we do
verifiable:Three years ago, John McCain said, "Afghanistan — we don't read about it anymore in papers because it succeeded."
verifiable:Biden digs back on Afghanistan to dig McCain
verifiable:"There's only four senators senior to me ... there's still 44 older than me."
verifiable:Five are more senior, 40 are older
verifiable:(McCain) says "we can't have ... timelines to draw down our troops from Iraq."
verifiable:McCain has often opposed timelines, but not always
verifiable:"Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'"
verifiable:McCain ad repeats error
verifiable:Biden is "one of the least wealthy members of the U.S. Senate."
verifiable:We should all be so poor
verifiable:"Barack Obama and Joe Biden oppose new drilling at home and oppose nuclear power."
verifiable:They oppose drilling but not nuclear energy
verifiable:McCain's energy plan is a "single-answer proposition" — new domestic oil drilling.
verifiable:McCain energy plan not just more drilling
verifiable:McCain "still thinks it's okay when women don't earn equal pay for equal work."
verifiable:No, he's just not okay with one bill
verifiable:"John McCain wants to privatize Social Security."
verifiable:McCain not committed to 'privatization'
verifiable:As a state senator in Illinois, Obama made sure women got equal pay for equal work.
verifiable:Obama was there for equal pay, but not alone
verifiable:"Less than four cents of every health care dollar is spent on prevention and public health."
verifiable:Yes, only an ounce on prevention
verifiable:McCain "said he was 'stumped' when asked whether contraceptives help stop the spread of HIV."
verifiable:This condom speaks the truth
verifiable:The U.S. energy policy is to "borrow money from China to buy oil from countries that don't like us."
verifiable:Not just China -- other countries, too
verifiable:While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed "tax cuts for hard-working families."
verifiable:Obama sponsored earned income tax credit
verifiable:"We spend more on health care than any other country, but we're ranked 47th in life expectancy and 43rd in child mortality."
verifiable:U.S. spends more on health care, not necessarily healthier
verifiable:"Whether in Illinois or Washington, Barack Obama has bridged partisanship to bring about significant reform."
verifiable:Some bipartisan success
verifiable:"We spent $3-million of your money to study the DNA of bears."
verifiable:McCain's bear story is no bull
verifiable:"More than 12,500 service men and women have been discharged on the basis of sexual orientation since the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy was implemented, at a cost of over $360 million. Many of those forced out had special skills in high demand, such as translators, engineers, and pilots."
verifiable:A claim on "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" stands up
verifiable:While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed legislation moving people "from welfare to jobs."
verifiable:Obama sponsored state-level welfare law
verifiable:On whether he wants to be vice president.
verifiable:He seems interested
verifiable:The Bush administration's latest plans for troop withdrawal from Iraq by 2011 are "more or less the same time frame I announced two years ago." 
verifiable:More like one year ago
verifiable:"Joe Biden brought Republicans and Democrats together to pass the 1994 crime bill, putting 100,000 cops on the streets and starting an eight-year drop in crime across the country."
verifiable:Biden's crime bill helped, some
verifiable:"Joe Biden wrote the Violence Against Women Act ... the rate of domestic violence went down dramatically."
verifiable:Cause and effect? Possible, but not clear
verifiable:Says McCain "supported George Bush's policies 95 percent of the time."
verifiable:Cherry-picking McCain's record
verifiable:Says McCain once said that on "the most important issues of our day, I've been totally in agreement and support of President Bush."
verifiable:That's what McCain said -- in 2005
verifiable:Obama wants to increase the size of government by 23 percent.
verifiable:McCain's math is not even close
verifiable:John McCain has seven houses.
verifiable:UPDATED: Eight houses for John & Cindy McCain
verifiable:McCain, "voted against renewable sources of energy, against biofuels, against solar power, against wind power.... "
verifiable:McCain has done a little for renewable energy
verifiable:"I argued for years that we need to move from a 'Musharraf policy' to a 'Pakistan policy.' "
verifiable:Obama stretches foresight on Musharraf
verifiable:"Sen. McCain was already turning his sights to Iraq just days after 9/11, and he became a leading supporter of an invasion and occupation of (Iraq)."
verifiable:McCain's record on Iraq: eager to attack
verifiable:"The fact is that although we have had a president who is opposed to abortion over the last eight years, abortions have not gone down.''
verifiable:Abortion numbers have gone down
verifiable:Barack Obama "rejects everyone white, including his mother and his grandparents." 
verifiable:Obama does not reject his family 
verifiable:Barack Obama "openly supported (opposition leader) Raila Odinga during his visit to Africa in 2006." 
verifiable:Obama did not take sides in Kenya
verifiable:Barack Obama has "pledged to reduce the size of the military."
verifiable:Obama wants to increase the size of the military
verifiable:"It (Georgia) was one of the earliest Christian nations. The king of then-Georgia in the third century converted to Christianity."
verifiable:McCain hits the mark on Georgian history, more or less
verifiable:Oil companies "haven't touched" 68 million acres where they already have rights to drill.
verifiable:68 million acres isn't going untouched
verifiable:On torture.
verifiable:McCain consistently opposed to torture
verifiable:On Obama, "The press warns the 'Taxman Cometh.'"
verifiable:The distortions cometh
verifiable:Says Obama replaced the American flag on the tail of his plane with his campaign logo.
verifiable:Airline logo replaced with campaign logo
verifiable:The musical Mamma Mia! has "been selling out for years."  
verifiable:McCain knows ABBA
verifiable:McCain's attacks on Obama are 'not true,' 'false,' 'baloney,' according to media outlets.
verifiable:Off on the wrong footnotes
verifiable:John McCain worries about nuclear waste in Arizona, but not in Nevada.
verifiable:McCain thinks Yucca site will be more secure
verifiable:"John McCain's top foreign policy adviser lobbied for... the Republic of Georgia, and McCain has mirrored the position advocated by the government."
verifiable:McCain's on Georgia's side (so is Obama)
verifiable:McCain is "raising campaign cash with one of (Jack) Abramoff's closest business partners: scandal-plagued conservative activist Ralph Reed."
verifiable:McCain teams up with old rival, scandals notwithstanding
verifiable:Obama "promises more taxes on small business, seniors, your life savings, your family."
verifiable:For the most part, only if you're high-income
verifiable:On a timetable to withdraw from Iraq.
verifiable:Obama sticks to his Iraq plan
verifiable:Obama plans "a tax increase for everyone earning more than $42,000 a year."
verifiable:Obama's tax plan hits $200,000 and up
verifiable:"First, he (Obama) opposed the surge. Then he confidently predicted that it would fail. Then he tried to prevent funding for the troops who carried out the surge."
verifiable:Obama tried to defund troops? Not exactly
verifiable:"McCain opposed a requirement that the government buy American-made motorcycles. And he said all buy-American provisions were quote 'disgraceful.' "
verifiable:McCain opposed "Buy American" rules
verifiable:John McCain offers "billions in tax breaks for oil and drug companies, but almost nothing for families like yours."
verifiable:Tax breaks for all companies; credit for kids. 
verifiable:Barack Obama promises higher taxes on "the sale of your home."
verifiable:Only the wealthy make big profits. 
verifiable:Fully inflating tires is "a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by 3 to 4 percent."
verifiable:Obama inflates this tire claim
verifiable:"Obama voted to raise taxes on people making just $42,000."
verifiable:Obama voted for budget resolution, not taxes. 
verifiable:John McCain refuses to support a new bipartisan energy bill "because it would take away tax breaks from oil companies like Exxon Mobil."
verifiable:McCain opposes taxes but hasn't commented on bill
verifiable:"Big oil's filling John McCain's campaign with $2-million in contributions."
verifiable:Make that at least $2-million 
verifiable:Spending increases, not tax cuts, are the major cause of the federal budget deficit. 
verifiable:Right, but tax cuts were a major factor, too
verifiable:On offshore drilling.
verifiable:More compromise than change of heart
verifiable:"We could save all the oil that they're talking about getting off drilling, if everybody was just inflating their tires and getting regular tune-ups."
verifiable:Not overinflated (though it sounds like it)
verifiable:On using the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
verifiable:Emergency now, but not then?
verifiable:On the Bush tax cuts. 
verifiable:McCain used to oppose tax cuts
verifiable:John McCain will keep the estate tax at 0 percent, the same as it is now. 
verifiable:Larger estates will be taxed, just like now
verifiable:"Obama will charge a 28 percent tax on all home sales."
verifiable:Not Obama's policy
verifiable:On offshore drilling.
verifiable:McCain's cheerleading for drilling is new
verifiable:Barack Obama wants to "restore" the estate tax that George W. Bush "repealed."
verifiable:Bush didn't repeal it; Obama would expand it
verifiable:On public financing of his campaign.
verifiable:He said he'd pursue it, but opted out
verifiable:Obama said his proposed $1,000 emergency energy rebate "will be enough to offset the increased cost of gas for a working family over the next 4 months."
verifiable:Obama right about increased energy costs
verifiable:"I have repeatedly said that many of the predatory loans that were made in the mortgage system did target African-American and Latino communities."
verifiable:Obama cites ethnicity in mortgage crisis
verifiable:"John McCain intervened, which helped Airbus get that Pentagon contract."
verifiable:Letters don't amount to intervening
verifiable:"McCain got more money from Airbus' U.S. executives than any other politician."
verifiable:McCain campaign bouyed by Airbus execs and lobbyists
verifiable:Obama "says he'll raise taxes on electricity."
verifiable:No tax offered on electricity
verifiable:"Wild Bill Hickok had his first duel in the town square here. And the family legend is that he is a distant cousin of mine."  
verifiable:Just call him Wild Barack Obama
verifiable:"Sen. McCain would occupy Iraq indefinitely, against their wishes." 
verifiable:No fresh evidence of what McCain would do
verifiable:Barack Obama "is more to the left of the announced Socialist in the United States Senate."
verifiable:If you look at one narrow source
verifiable:"He made time to go to the gym, but canceled a visit with wounded troops. Seems the Pentagon wouldn't allow him to bring cameras."  
verifiable:Damned if you don't
verifiable:Obama "shunned the opportunity to talk to soldiers to thank them for their service."
verifiable:Event was delayed as group talked to troops
verifiable:"I have little doubt that we've moved into recession at this point."
verifiable:He probably should have some doubt 
verifiable:In the wake of hurricanes Katrina and Rita, offshore drilling "did not cause any real difficulties."
verifiable:Disaster, no. Difficulties, yes. 
verifiable:Says Obama has flip-flopped on public campaign financing.
verifiable:Obama said he'd pursue it, but opted out
verifiable:Says Obama flip-flopped on banning handguns.
verifiable:On the fence . . . consistently 
verifiable:Says Obama flip-flopped on withdrawing troops from Iraq.
verifiable:His tone changed, but not his position
verifiable:"Sen. McCain's economic plan gives nearly $4-billion in tax breaks to the oil companies but doesn't provide any tax relief to more than 100-million middle-class families."  
verifiable:Something for the middle, more for the top
verifiable:Obama "voted against critical resources: no to individual body armor, no to helicopters, no to ammunition, no to aircraft."
verifiable:RNC goes cherry-picking
verifiable:"We now have a pro-American president in France, which shows if you live long enough, anything can happen in this world."
verifiable:You didn't actually have to live that long
verifiable:"For at least a year now, I have called for two additional brigades, perhaps three."
verifiable:Obama proposed more troops in '07
verifiable:McCain has switched to Obama's position on more troops to Afghanistan.
verifiable:Ground conditions have changed, too
verifiable:Obama "voted against funding our troops."
verifiable:McCain cites one protest vote
verifiable:Obama "hasn't been to Iraq in years."
verifiable:True on the day the ad was released 
verifiable:"Who can you thank for rising prices at the pump? O-ba-ma! O-ba-ma!"
verifiable:Sure, and blame Obama for bad tomatoes, too
verifiable:"Obama never held a single Senate hearing on Afghanistan."
verifiable:The campaign trail leaves little time for hearings 
verifiable:"We've heard talk about curbing our use of fossil fuels in nearly every State of the Union address since the oil embargo of 1973."
verifiable:Senator, did you check all those State of the Union addresses? We did
verifiable:Obama "voted for and even sponsored amendments that were intended to kill the (immigration overhaul) legislation."
verifiable:Killing the bill, or making it better?
verifiable:"I have a perfect voting record from organizations like the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion and all the other veterans service organizations."
verifiable:Not perfect with all the veterans
verifiable:"There are many health insurance plans that will cover Viagra but won't cover birth-control medication."
verifiable:27 states mandate equitable coverage
verifiable:"McCain used to buck his party on immigration by fighting for comprehensive reform. . . . But when he was running for his party's nomination, he . . . said that he wouldn't even support his own legislation if it came up for a vote."
verifiable:Backtracking on the path to citizenship
verifiable:"Barack Obama said he would debate 'anywhere, anytime' but has rejected joint town hall meetings."
verifiable:Obama seems to have change of heart
verifiable:"I investigated Abramoff and people ended up in jail."
verifiable:Raised awareness, but doesn't get sole credit
verifiable:Obama worked with "Sen. Dick Lugar, a Republican, to help lock down loose nuclear weapons."
verifiable:Obama-Lugar measure included weapons of mass destruction
verifiable:Says Obama flip-flopped on warrantless wiretapping.
verifiable:What a difference eight months makes
verifiable:Barack Obama wants to "unilaterally disarm our nation."
verifiable:Obama wants to reduce stockpiles, not disarm
verifiable:John McCain has given erratic and inconsistent answers on when troops should return from Iraq.
verifiable:Ad takes most of McCain quotes out of context
verifiable:The U.S. government spends less on energy innovation "than the pet food industry invests in its own products."
verifiable:This dog won't hunt
verifiable:U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan include a "few thousand that are still green card holders who are not even citizens of this country."
verifiable:Thousands of "green card" soldiers in Iraq
verifiable:Barack Obama has "reversed" on his commitment "to begin withdrawing American troops from Iraq immediately." 
verifiable:Obama shifts emphasis on Iraq but not position
verifiable:"McCain will give more tax breaks to big oil."
verifiable:Big oil, like all companies, would get tax break
verifiable:"If you have an investment for your child's education or own a mutual fund or a stock in a retirement plan, (Obama) is going to raise your taxes."
verifiable:McCain's argument tangential at best
verifiable:"Our National Guard, as we saw in the Midwest flooding, can't function as effectively as it could. I was talking to National Guard representatives. Fifteen of their 17 helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding."
verifiable:No shortage of choppers for floods
verifiable:E-mail quotes Maureen Dowd column that Obama has received suspicious contributions from Saudi Arabia, Iran and China.
verifiable:Fake column spreads unfounded claims
verifiable:"Throughout his time in elected office, Barack Obama has taken multiple positions on banning handguns and the D.C. handgun ban."
verifiable:Obama consistently on the fence
verifiable:"The Iranians continue – in the view of every objective observer – continue to pursue the acquisition of nuclear weapons."
verifiable:No consensus on Iran's nuke program
verifiable:Says Obama opposes lower gas taxes, nuclear power, new offshore drilling and doesn't have "new solutions" to the energy crisis. 
verifiable:RNC ad right on drilling and taxes, wrong on other points
verifiable:John McCain has changed position on invading Iraq. 
verifiable:McCain doesn't flip-flop much on Iraq
verifiable:McCain tells of a fellow Vietnam POW who was beaten for fashioning an American flag that became an inspirational symbol to fellow POWs.  
verifiable:Fellow POW backs up McCain's story
verifiable:"The legislation ... that Senator McCain supports would provide the authority for the federal government to surveille American citizens in their own country without any suspicion whatsoever that they're engaging in discussions with terrorists or about criminal activity."
verifiable:While on Big Brother watch, Barr hits McCain
verifiable:McCain "hasn't held executive responsibility."
verifiable:McCain ran a Navy unit of 1,000 people
verifiable:"I didn't say" it doesn't really matter whether Gore or Bush is president.
verifiable:Nader almost said Gore=Bush, but not quite
verifiable:Obama says his bill "reduced welfare rolls nearly 80 percent."
verifiable:Welfare rolls dropped, but not just because of law
verifiable:"The most recent Associated Press poll has Nader-Gonzalez at 6 percent, without any national coverage, against McCain and Obama."
verifiable:Number stands up, even if other details don't
verifiable:"He won't even support his colleague's ... motion to censure the Bush administration for systemic repeated illegal wiretaps."
verifiable:Obama hasn't backed censure for Bush
verifiable:Says Obama opposes offshore drilling and a gas tax holiday.  
verifiable:James Bond-inspired ad is on target about drilling and gas taxes
verifiable:Says Obama opposes innovation, the electric car and "clean, safe, nuclear energy."  
verifiable:This 007 claim is out of ammo
verifiable:"When he was asked a few years ago whether he could see himself lifting the cap on the payroll tax, (McCain) said, 'I could.' But today he's attacking me for holding the very same position."
verifiable:McCain flipped on payroll taxes, if only once
verifiable:"I've always said it's (offshore drilling) up to the states and I still say that."
verifiable:McCain's change in posture, not position
verifiable:"These steps (a middle-class tax cut, national health care plan, foreclosure prevention fund, Social Security fix and more) are all paid for."
verifiable:'Paid for' without real money
verifiable:John McCain "opposed legislation to fund levees and flood control programs, which he considers pork."
verifiable:He didn't brand them all "pork"
verifiable:Barack Obama "extended health care for wounded troops who'd been neglected."
verifiable:He helped but wasn't a major player
verifiable:"You know, the approval rating of Congress is down to 13 percent."
verifiable:He's got some numbers to back him up
verifiable:Barack Obama "passed laws moving people from welfare to work."
verifiable:Obama co-sponsored Illinois welfare reform
verifiable:Barack Obama "cut taxes for working families."
verifiable:Obama was not a solo performer
verifiable:"More than half of all black children live in single-parent households, a number that has doubled — doubled — since we were children."
verifiable:Statistics don't lie in this case
verifiable:We're borrowing money from China and Saudi Arabia "to finance this war" in Iraq.
verifiable:Other countries, too
verifiable:"I joined the Gang of 14, seven Republicans, seven Democrats, so that we wouldn't blow up the United States Senate.  Sen. Obama had the opportunity to join that group.  He chose not to."
verifiable:Obama not one of the Gang
verifiable:We are "borrowing Saudi money for Saudi oil" with the result being "dependency and debt."
verifiable:Pushing the envelope to link debt and energy
verifiable:"We must deal with the here and now and assure affordable fuel for America by increasing domestic production."
verifiable:No relief at pump here and now
verifiable:"George Bush, and a Republican Congress, have presided over a 55 percent increase in the size of domestic government spending in the last seven years."
verifiable:Right on the number, just a year off
verifiable:Obama "wants a windfall profits tax on oil to go along with the new taxes he also plans for coal and natural gas."
verifiable:Yes, Obama wants to tax windfall profits
verifiable:"Obama has maintained a friendship with a now convicted felon."
verifiable:Friends, perhaps, but out of touch
verifiable:Obama couldn't have afforded his home without Rezko's help.
verifiable:There's no "gotcha" here
verifiable:"John McCain stood up to the president and sounded the alarm on global warming ... five years ago."
verifiable:McCain spoke up early
verifiable:"Did Obama know that Tony Rezko was saving him $300,000 on the purchase of his home?"
verifiable:No proof Rezko saved Obama money on home
verifiable:"McCain lobbied for (a) $10-million pork project honoring conservative justice."
verifiable:It sure looks like pork
verifiable:"In just a few years in office, Sen. Obama has accumulated the most liberal voting record in the Senate." 
verifiable:Obama not No. 1 in other ratings
verifiable:John McCain opposed bankruptcy protections for families "who were only in bankruptcy because of medical expenses they couldn't pay."
verifiable:No exemptions for debtors
verifiable:John McCain says he never supported the privatization of Social Security, even though video shows he did.
verifiable:'Privatization' gets 'personal'
verifiable:"I've supported every investigation (into Hurricane Katrina) and ways of finding out how – what caused the tragedy. I've met with people on the ground. I've met with the governor."  
verifiable:With two notable exceptions
verifiable:Sen. Obama wants to "enact the single largest tax increase since the Second World War."
verifiable:Two wrongs don't make a right
verifiable:Obama's plan to raise the capital gains tax "hurts the middle class."
verifiable:Mostly, higher incomes pay capital gains tax 
verifiable:From Obama's book: "I found a solace in nursing a pervasive sense of grievance and animosity against my mother's race."
verifiable:Obama didn't write that
verifiable:Obama said he would "stand with the Muslims should the political winds shift in an ugly direction."
verifiable:Not Muslims, but Arab-Americans
verifiable:"The U.S. Navy has sailed ships around the world for 60 years with nuclear power plants on them and we've never had an accident."
verifiable:Navy's record unblemished
verifiable:"Casualties and deaths are at (their) lowest point since literally the beginning" of the war.
verifiable:McCain overstates good news out of Iraq
verifiable:When the United States invaded Iraq, Saddam Hussein wanted to acquire weapons of mass destruction, and "he said so himself after his capture."
verifiable:Hussein did say he hoped to get WMD
verifiable:"Fidel Castro endorses Obama."
verifiable:Castro not stumping for Obama
verifiable:"Ronald Reagan met with Gorbachev; Kennedy met with Khruschev; and Nixon met with Mao — and these were folks who have done horrendous damage not only to their own countries but to other countries."
verifiable:Yes, but you can't lump Gorbachev with Mao
verifiable:"Obama voted to support President Bush between 40 and 50 percent of the time over the past two years."
verifiable:Obama and Bush found common ground
verifiable:"John McCain decided to stand with George Bush 95 percent of the time (last year)."
verifiable:That's what the votes show, yes
verifiable:"We are winning the popular vote."
verifiable:Counting votes is tricky this year
verifiable:John McCain "has not led on nonproliferation issues when he had the chance in the Senate."
verifiable:Present for votes, but not a player
verifiable:"We have drawn down to presurge levels. Basra, Mosul and now Sadr City are quiet and it's long and it's tough and there will be setbacks."
verifiable:McCain's off on Iraq details
verifiable:"I think we came down here (to Florida) one time ... but we weren't actively fundraising here."
verifiable:Maybe not a lot, but Obama held fundraisers
verifiable:Obama's wife wrote a paper in college that said America was a nation founded on "crime and hatred" and that whites in America are "ineradicably racist."
verifiable:Her senior thesis doesn't say that
verifiable:Obama's wife said her goal in life was to put the black community "first and foremost."
verifiable:E-mail takes college work out of context
verifiable:"Sen. Obama has been to Iraq once."
verifiable:McCain leads in Iraq trips 8-1
verifiable:"I had an uncle ... who was part of the first American troops to go into Auschwitz and liberate the concentration camps."
verifiable:Uncle liberated camp, but not Auschwitz
verifiable:It doesn't make sense "historically" to drop out because the 1968 race was still competitive when "Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California."
verifiable:Campaign in '68 didn't start until March
verifiable:"Ten years ago, John McCain offered a bill that said he would ban a candidate from paying registered lobbyists."
verifiable:McCain proposed bill that didn't pass
verifiable:McCain "hired some of the biggest lobbyists in Washington to run his campaign."
verifiable:They were hired
verifiable:When McCain was questioned about hiring lobbyists to his campaign staff, "his top lobbyist actually had the nerve to say, 'The American people won't care about this.' "
verifiable:Obama's right, McCain's campaign said it doesn't matter
verifiable:"Privatizing Social Security was a bad idea when George W. Bush proposed it. It's a bad idea today. Sen. McCain's campaign went even further ... suggesting ... to cut cost-of-living adjustments or to raise the retirement age."
verifiable:Reading too much into McCain's ambitions
verifiable:John McCain, "one of the richest people in a Senate filled with millionaires," says the solution to the housing crisis is for people to get a "second job" and "skip their vacations."
verifiable:He's rich, but that's not his housing fix
verifiable:"Sen. Obama has declared, and repeatedly reaffirmed his intention to meet the president of Iran without any preconditions."
verifiable:He has said it again and again
verifiable:Iran "might not be a superpower, but the threat the government of Iran poses is anything but 'tiny,'" as Obama says.
verifiable:McCain twists Obama's words
verifiable:A gas tax holiday is a gimmick that "every economist says will just go into the pockets of the oil companies."
verifiable:Obama goes too far to make his point
verifiable:John McCain "is one of the few senators of either party who oppose this bill (to expand education aid for veterans) because he thinks it's too generous."
verifiable:McCain's opposed, but he's not alone
verifiable:McCain "voted against a bill to ban waterboarding, and then applauded President Bush for vetoing that ban."
verifiable:Waterboarding one aspect of larger measure
verifiable:"NATO hasn't provided enough troops (in Afghanistan) because they are still angry about us going into Iraq."
verifiable:Government report backs up Obama
verifiable:"Obama himself voted against funding our nation's veterans and troops in the field during a time of war."
verifiable:In protest, Obama voted against
verifiable:"The White House is won in the swing states, and I am winning the swing states."
verifiable:Numbers don't add up
verifiable:McCain sought the political support of minister John Hagee, "who believes Hurricane Katrina was God's punishment for gay rights and called the Catholic Church 'the Antichrist' and a 'false cult.'"
verifiable:True, but Hagee has since recanted
verifiable:"The pastor McCain calls his 'spiritual guide,' Rod Parsley, believes America's founding mission is to destroy Islam, which he calls a 'false religion.' "
verifiable:Parsley and McCain relationship appears political, not spiritual
verifiable:"If West Virginia had voted for our Democratic nominee in 2000 and 2004, we wouldn't have had to put up with George Bush for the last 7 years."
verifiable:2000, yes, but not 2004
verifiable:"They (Clinton and Obama) have never to my knowledge been involved in legislation nor hearings nor engagement on this issue (climate change)."
verifiable:They have. Yours, in fact
verifiable:"Clinton's former pastor convicted of child molestation."
verifiable:Oops! Wrong Clinton!
verifiable:Eliminating earmarks "would make barely a drop in the bucket with regard to the national debt, the deficit."
verifiable:Billions of difference amounts to not much
verifiable:Says Obama called Israel "a constant sore" that infects U.S. foreign policy. 
verifiable:Misquoting Obama's remarks
verifiable:"We borrow money from the Chinese to buy oil from the Saudis."
verifiable:Yes - and we borrow from the Saudis, too
verifiable:"It is just a fact that Hamas, apparently the North American spokesperson, is endorsing Senator Obama."
verifiable:Praise, but not a formal endorsement
verifiable:"More people without health care since George Bush took office; more children in poverty since George Bush took office."
verifiable:More uninsured, but blame skewed
verifiable:"We spend a staggering amount of money on health care — over $2-trillion and almost twice as much as any other country per person."
verifiable:First in health spending, but not far ahead
verifiable:"Clinton aides admit it (a gas tax holiday) won't do much for you – but would help her politically."
verifiable:Aides said "even if" it doesn't work
verifiable:"For what we spend in just one week in Iraq, 800,000 children could get health insurance for an entire year."
verifiable:That money could insure twice as many kids
verifiable:"My friend, we have increased the size of government by some 40 percent just in the last few years."
verifiable:His percentage is right; his amount is not
verifiable:There are prototype cars that get between 100 and 150 miles per gallon and "we could have those cars in your garages in a couple of years."
verifiable:Supercars unlikely in a couple years
verifiable:A gas tax holiday "would at best provide 30 cents a day for three months for a grand total of $28."
verifiable:Obama's per-car number is reasonable
verifiable:"If you are driving on average in America this summer, you'll save — according to Department of Energy figures — about $70."
verifiable:Only if "you" are a family of four
verifiable:"If Senator Clinton or John McCain had stood up in previous years for increases in fuel efficiency standards . . . then we would not be in this same situation in the first place."
verifiable:McCain took a stand years earlier
verifiable:"Obama ... gave almost a million dollars to the (Kenya) opposition campaign who just happened to be his cousin, Raila Odinga."  
verifiable:'Not a cent' from unrelated Obama
verifiable:   "His true name is Barak Hussein Muhammed Obama."  
verifiable:No Muhammed or Mohammed in Obama's name
verifiable:Every family health insurance policy has "a $900 hidden tax" to subsidize health care costs of the uninsured.
verifiable:A reasonable estimate for uninsured costs
verifiable:Tax rates were significantly higher "in the '40s, the '50s, and the '60s."
verifiable:Rates were a lot higher back in the day
verifiable:"A year ago, in March 2007, I called for immediate action to address abuses in the subprime market, and I laid out detailed concrete proposals for how to do so." 
verifiable:An early voice on foreclosures
verifiable:Hillary Clinton advocates "a freeze on foreclosures. Barack Obama said no."
verifiable:Clinton and Obama differ on freeze
verifiable:Obama thinks the national anthem should be "I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing."
verifiable:Obama e-mail: It's not The Real Thing
verifiable:The Rev. Wright compared "the United States Marine Corps with Roman legionnaires who were responsible for the death of our Savior."
verifiable:Wright's culture of war comparison
verifiable:Rev. Wright said "that al-Qaida and the American flag were the same flags."
verifiable:To score a point, McCain misses the point
verifiable:McCain says the price of a gas tax "holiday" would be about the same as "a Bridge to Nowhere (or) another pork barrel project." 
verifiable:Holiday much more costly than McCain suggests
verifiable:Barack Obama "wants to nearly double the capital gains tax" increasing taxes on "mutual funds, 401(k)s" for "policemen, firemen, nurses."
verifiable:McCain stretches on who gets hit
verifiable:"McCain has voted repeatedly at least six times against funding for global HIV/AIDS, malaria and TB fund, once as one of only 14 senators."
verifiable:Selectively choosing his votes
verifiable:"Bill Clinton invited him (the Rev. Wright) to the White House when he was having his personal crises."
verifiable:Photo, and Obama, don't lie
verifiable:During the Monica Lewinsky scandal, the Clintons brought the Rev. Jeremiah Wright to the White House for "spiritual counseling."
verifiable:Not a spiritual adviser
verifiable:Says Obama flip-flopped on a gas-tax "holiday."
verifiable:A flip, but maybe not a flop
verifiable:"As a state senator, he (Obama) even refused to support a measure to stop sex businesses from opening near schools or places of worship!"
verifiable:He wanted local officials to decide
verifiable:Obama "supports hate-crimes expansion ... potentially putting churches at risk if they preach the truth about homosexuality."
verifiable:The First Amendment is still in effect
verifiable:Denies that he said the Obama campaign "played the race card."
verifiable:Yes, he did
verifiable:Barack Obama's health care plan "will cost taxpayers $1,700 more to cover each new person."
verifiable:Hard numbers are just guess-timates
verifiable:"Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA and permanent China trade. Pennsylvania lost thousands of jobs."
verifiable:A distinction without a difference
verifiable:Hillary Clinton is "willing to have workers' wages garnisheed if they refuse to buy health insurance."
verifiable:Her mandate doesn't mention garnishment
verifiable:After Reagan took office, "we didn't raise taxes and we didn't cut entitlements. What we did was we cut taxes."
verifiable:One major tax cut, then lots of raises
verifiable:"I have never said that I don't wear flag pins or refuse to wear flag pins."
verifiable:Obama contradicts previously stated pin philosophy
verifiable:"More than one person, on average, a day is murdered in Philadelphia."
verifiable:Murder rate is down this year
verifiable:"Hillary Clinton has taken over $800,000 from lobbyists."
verifiable:Clinton accepts lobbyist money
verifiable:Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on all income brackets.
verifiable:Dems don't propose tax increases on lower incomes
verifiable:"Barack Obama accepted $200,000 from executives and employees of oil companies."
verifiable:Yes, oil company employees have donated to Obama
verifiable:"Obama voted for the Bush-Cheney energy bill that put $6-billion in the pocket of big oil."
verifiable:Slippery math, loaded words
verifiable:Barack Obama is "the only candidate who doesn't take a dime from oil company PACs or lobbyists."
verifiable:Obama rejects lobbyist money
verifiable:Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise capital gains taxes, which apply to home sales. 
verifiable:Capital gains taxes often don't apply to homeowners
verifiable:Obama served on a board with former Weather Underground member William Ayers and "that relationship with Mr. Ayers on this board continued after 9/11."
verifiable:Obama served on board with Ayers
verifiable:If the U.S. stops adding to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, it "will lessen worldwide demand for oil" and reduce prices. 
verifiable:Not enough to matter
verifiable:"Again today (Ahmadinejad) made light of 9/11, and said that he's not even sure it happened and that people actually died."
verifiable:A 9/11 denier? Yup
verifiable:Says she is the subject of 60 books.
verifiable:Yes, from American Evita to The Very Unofficial Hillary Clinton Coloring Book
verifiable:The United States is "seeing greater income inequality now than any time since the 1920s."
verifiable:Income inequality is on the rise
verifiable:"He's promising four more years of an administration that will push for the privatization of Social Security..."
verifiable:Not the same old Bush plan
verifiable:Obama supports "teaching schoolchildren — in 2nd grade, no less — about homosexual relationships."
verifiable:One comment does not a platform make
verifiable:Barack Obama's network of small donors constitutes a "parallel public financing system."
verifiable:Public financing includes spending limits
verifiable:"Among his (Obama's) pet projects is a bill ... which would commit the U.S. to spending 0.7 percent of gross national product on foreign aid."
verifiable:The bill has no such spending requirement
verifiable:"I'm the product of a mixed marriage that would have been illegal in 12 states when I was born."
verifiable:Obama's more right than he knows
verifiable:Democrats' budget resolution would raise America's tax bill by "$500-billion."
verifiable:The budget resolution isn't that clear
verifiable:"He took on special interests and won, passing the toughest ethics law yet."
verifiable:Obama not driving force
verifiable:"Hillary (Clinton), one time late at night when she was exhausted, misstated and immediately apologized for it, what happened to her in Bosnia in 1995."
verifiable:Not at night, not one time, not ...
verifiable:"My husband didn't wrap up the nomination until June." 
verifiable:He had it wrapped up in March
verifiable:"He positions himself as pro environment, but he scored a zero — yes, zero — from the League of Conservation Voters last year."
verifiable:Absences wrecked his rating
verifiable:"McCain opposes a woman's right to choose."
verifiable:McCain opposes abortion
verifiable:"I did very well with young people in Ohio, Massachusetts, California."
verifiable:'Very well' in Mass. and Calif.
verifiable:"The Children's Defense Fund rated McCain as the worst senator in Congress for children."
verifiable:McCain often absent on children's issues
verifiable:"John McCain voted against establishing a national holiday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr."
verifiable:McCain changed position on MLK Day
verifiable:"I actually started criticizing the war in Iraq before (Obama) did."
verifiable:Nope, Obama was first in the Senate, too
verifiable:Hillary Clinton's international travels included "no serious diplomacy."  
verifiable:Clinton's trips not all puffery
verifiable:As first lady, Clinton would travel to places that were "too small, too poor or too dangerous" for the president.
verifiable:She was no emissary to the obscure
verifiable:Obama "has no experience or background at all in national security affairs."
verifiable:Saying 'no experience' is no fair 
verifiable:   "According to The Book of Revelations the anti-christ ... will be a man, in his 40s, of MUSLIM descent ... is it OBAMA??"  
verifiable:Complete distortion of the Bible
verifiable:McCain's "plan for the economy is to extend George Bush's tax cuts for billionaires and give a $100-billion additional corporate tax cut."
verifiable:That's not the whole plan
verifiable:"Iraq is costing each household about $100 a month."
verifiable:Yes, families pay more for Iraq war than cable
verifiable:Barack Obama has written and co-sponsored more bills in three years than Hillary Clinton has in seven.
verifiable:Distorted and unfair comparison
verifiable:Obama spent "40 percent of the PAC money, 43 percent to be exact, on Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina politicians."
verifiable:42.4 percent by our calculations
verifiable:"(Obama) did accept donations from lobbyists and PACs and he spent money in this campaign from that, through his political action committee."
verifiable:A small amount before he announced
verifiable:"I am a candidate. I have not withdrawn."
verifiable:He's in the race!
verifiable:"I remember landing under sniper fire."  
verifiable:Video shows tarmac welcome, no snipers
verifiable:Obama says America is great, but let's "try to change it."
verifiable:A made-up quote goes global
verifiable:Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on dividends, a move that would crash the stock market. 
verifiable:Dividends taxes won't crash the market
verifiable:The Jewish holiday Purim is "their version of Halloween here."
verifiable:Costumes, yes, but not Halloween
verifiable:It's "common knowledge" that al-Qaida is receiving training from Iran.
verifiable:Iran and al-Qaida don't agree on religion
verifiable:Both McCain and Bush favor tax breaks for oil companies. 
verifiable:McCain voted against Bush's energy bill
verifiable:John McCain and George W. Bush want to spend "a trillion dollars in Iraq over the next 10 years."
verifiable:Bush and McCain agree on troops in Iraq
verifiable:McCain and Bush are millionaires who are "for tax cuts for millionaires."
verifiable:Both millionaires; McCain supports Bush's cuts
verifiable:John McCain and George Bush have "absolutely no plan for universal health care."
verifiable:No mandate, no universal care
verifiable:"The board of a nonprofit organization on which Obama served as a paid director ... granted funding to a controversial Arab group."
verifiable:Group not controversial
verifiable:"You don't even have to go outside Obama's campaign to find advisers who are anti-Israel."
verifiable:Anti-Israel? Not even key advisers
verifiable:Obama says Clinton in 2002 suggested there was a connection between al-Qaida and the Iraqi government.  
verifiable:Yes, Clinton used the Bush administration line
verifiable:Obama voted for "tax subsidies and giveways" that have slowed oil companies from pursuing clean energy sources.
verifiable:A boost, not an impediment, to clean energy
verifiable:"I've been standing up against ... the Chinese government over women's rights and standing up for human rights." 
verifiable:A great speech, but what else?
verifiable:"I helped to bring peace to Northern Ireland."  
verifiable:A small but significant role
verifiable:"We've won twice as many states. We've won a greater share of the popular vote."
verifiable:A slight lead in popular vote
verifiable:"I negotiated open borders to let fleeing refugees into safety from Kosovo."
verifiable:Clinton visited Kosovo refugees, but ...
verifiable:"I've spent 20 years devoted to working on behalf of families who are having a tough time and are seeking out the American dream."
verifiable:20 years is an accurate count
verifiable:"John McCain says it's okay with him if the U.S. spends the next thousand years in Iraq."
verifiable:A fair summary of what he said
verifiable:"We are bogged down in a war that John McCain now suggests might go on for another 100 years."
verifiable:Straight talk, twisted
verifiable:John McCain has "a consistent pattern of ducking important environmental votes."
verifiable:He was campaigning, not ducking
verifiable:"I committed to public financing; (Obama) committed to public financing."
verifiable:McCain says "accept;" Obama says "pursue"
verifiable:Says Clinton did not read the National Intelligence Estimate before voting for the Iraq war.
verifiable:When a briefing isn't as good as a book
verifiable:"Obama's liberal fiscal agenda: Over $874-billion in new spending."
verifiable:Funny math doesn't quite add up
verifiable:Obama "only wants your children to have health insurance."
verifiable:His plan includes adults
verifiable:"When we've got CEOs making more in 10 minutes than ordinary workers are making in a year ... then something is wrong."
verifiable:Certainly, Steve Jobs is
verifiable:A mailer from the Obama campaign "accurately indicates" that Hillary Clinton would "force uninsured people to buy insurance, even if they can't afford it."
verifiable:Force yes, but she wants it affordable
verifiable:Barack Obama said in 2004 "that he basically agreed with the way George Bush was conducting the war."
verifiable:Obama's Iraq remark taken out of context
verifiable:"Could I just point out that ... I seem to get the first question all the time?"
verifiable:She's often first, but is that a bad thing?
verifiable:"He (Obama) chairs the subcommittee on Europe. ... He's held not one substantive hearing to do oversight."
verifiable:Dormant while Obama campaigns
verifiable:Obama "basically threatened to bomb Pakistan."
verifiable:Et tu, Clinton?
verifiable:"I want to freeze interest rates for five years."
verifiable:Clinton at times forgets major caveats
verifiable:Clinton said "great things about NAFTA until she started running for president."  
verifiable:Clinton has changed on NAFTA
verifiable:"Hillary Clinton believed NAFTA was a 'boon' to our economy."
verifiable:She never said "boon" 
verifiable:"As has been noted by many observers, including Bill Clinton's former secretary of labor, my plan does more than anybody to reduce costs."  
verifiable:Experts rate Dem plans about the same
verifiable:"We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil."
verifiable:Yes, a costly addiction 
verifiable:He's been endorsed by "every major newspaper here in the state of Texas."
verifiable:They like him in Texas
verifiable:"We have seen hate crimes skyrocket in the wake of the immigration debate."
verifiable:Up? Yes, but maybe not "skyrocketing"
verifiable:"Barack Obama loves Che Guevara."
verifiable:Flag was there, but Obama wasn't waving it
verifiable:Obama "suggested bombing Pakistan."   
verifiable:A distortion of what Obama said
verifiable:The DNC says McCain flip-flopped on whether the Iraq War would be easy.
verifiable:Cherry-picked quotes distort McCain's comments
verifiable:Says the difference between her and Barack Obama is "about 35 years of experience."
verifiable:She has experience, but maybe not at math
verifiable:"I have 35 years' experience making change."
verifiable:Many years of politics and advocacy
verifiable:"Hillary interned with Bob Treuhaft, the head of the California Communist Party."
verifiable:She's no red
verifiable:"Hillary's main extracurricular activity in law school was helping the Black Panthers, on trial in Connecticut for torturing and killing a federal agent."
verifiable:She did not "help" the Black Panthers
verifiable:"She flunked the D.C. bar exam."
verifiable:She failed, then followed Bill
verifiable:John McCain "said publicly that Hillary Clinton would make a good president."
verifiable:McCain knew it would get him in trouble
verifiable:RNC version of a Hillary Clinton valentine: "Roses are red, violets are blue, I'll raise your taxes and there is nothing you can do."
verifiable:Hunk of burning love
verifiable:"On issue after issue that really were hard to explain or understand, you voted present . . . And anytime anyone raises that, there's always some kind of explanation."
verifiable:Yes, but it's complicated.
verifiable:Hillary Clinton "has the only health care plan that covers every American."
verifiable:Clinton stands alone on health care mandate
verifiable:"I have something in common with my husband. He never carried caucuses either. He lost all of the ones that I've lost."
verifiable:Both caucus losers, but she's more thorough
verifiable:"Everything I have said (on the campaign trail) has been factually accurate."
verifiable:Clinton distorted Obama's position
verifiable:Barack Obama said "he's going to attack Pakistan and embrace (Iranian President Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad."
verifiable:Bush gets Obama wrong on foreign policy
verifiable:"Senator Obama has, in fact, never had a serious Republican challenger."
verifiable:Obama's real competition has been Democrats
verifiable:"8 years of the Clintons, major losses for Democrats across the nation."
verifiable:Cumulatively, major losses
verifiable:Hillary Clinton "starts off with 47 percent of the country against her."
verifiable:Clinton's negatives are higher than Obama's 
verifiable:"She said, you know, 'I voted for it, but I hoped it wouldn't pass.' That was a quote on live TV."
verifiable:That's not the actual quote
verifiable:Americans "have never paid more for gas at the pump."
verifiable:He needs a fill-up on statistics
verifiable:"The last six polls, including this week's Time magazine, show that I beat John McCain by six or seven points." 
verifiable:Polls show Obama beating McCain
verifiable:"I'm the only Republican who has gotten endorsements in this presidential race from major labor unions..."
verifiable:Unions gave Huck their GOP nod
verifiable:"While others place their hands over their hearts, Obama turns his back to the flag and slouches."
verifiable:A new twist on an old distortion
verifiable:"When I was in college, we used to take a popcorn popper . . . and we would fry squirrel."
verifiable:It tasted like chicken
verifiable:"One man sacrificed for his country. One man opposed a flawed strategy in Iraq. One man had the courage to call for change. One man didn't play politics with the truth. One man stands up to the special interests."
verifiable:One man found his winning message
verifiable:In the Illinois Legislature, Barack Obama "voted 'present,' instead of yes or no" on seven votes involving abortion rights.
verifiable:He voted "present," which is similar to "no" 
verifiable:"Sen. Obama has always had a 100 percent prochoice rating."
verifiable:Obama voted consistently for abortion rights
verifiable:In the Florida Republican primary, "we got a very large percentage of the, quote, conservative vote."
verifiable:Actually, not so very large
verifiable:"George Bush sent people to war without body armor."
verifiable:50,000 started war without body armor
verifiable:John McCain "voted against the Bush tax cuts, both times."
verifiable:McCain voted against cuts, now supports them
verifiable:"In her short time in the United States Senate, the senator from New York, Senator Clinton, got $500-million worth of pork barrel projects."
verifiable:Clinton brought home even more bacon 
verifiable:John McCain has said the economy is "not his strong suit."
verifiable:McCain said it
verifiable:"(John McCain) was even mentioned as a running mate with John Kerry."
verifiable:That's the ticket
verifiable:Hillary Clinton "actually differed with (John McCain) by arguing for exceptions for torture before changing positions."
verifiable:Clinton changed on torture
verifiable:Hillary Clinton "agreed with (John McCain) on voting for the war in Iraq."
verifiable:Clinton and McCain had same vote on Iraq war
verifiable:"(Romney's) record was that he raised taxes by $730-million."
verifiable:One man's fees are another's taxes
verifiable:Hillary Clinton agrees with John McCain "by voting to give George Bush the benefit of the doubt on Iran."
verifiable:Clinton voted for McCain-supported Iran resolution 
verifiable:Hillary Clinton "agrees with (John McCain) in embracing the Bush-Cheney policy of not talking to leaders we don't like."
verifiable:Clinton endorses diplomacy
verifiable:Romney left Massachusetts "with a $245-million debt because of the big government-mandated health care system."
verifiable:More costly than expected, but no debt
verifiable:Mitt Romney wants "to set a date for withdrawal" from Iraq.
verifiable:Romney won't mention a date
verifiable:"Let's not blame President Bush for all of this. We've got a Congress who sat around on their hands and done nothing but spend a lot of money ... leaving us $9-trillion in debt that we're passing on to our grandchildren."
verifiable:Congress delivered, but after Bush asked
verifiable:"Every billion dollars we spend on highway construction results in 47,500 jobs. But the fact is the average American is sitting in traffic 38 hours a year."
verifiable:His numbers are old or just wrong 
verifiable:"He told gay organizers in Massachusetts he would be a stronger advocate for special rights than even Ted Kennedy."
verifiable:Pretty much yes, but it's not 'special'
verifiable:"Two-thirds of our economy is a consumer economy."
verifiable:Americans consume a lot 
verifiable:"Gasoline would rise in price by approximately 50 cents a gallon" if the McCain-Lieberman bill became law.
verifiable:It might whack you ... in 20 or 30 years
verifiable:Romney used to favor gun control, and said he didn't want to go back to Reagan-Bush.
verifiable:Romney used to support gun control
verifiable:Said he's the only Republican candidate "who's actually turned around a government economy." 
verifiable:A real turnaround
verifiable:Mitt Romney previously believed "that abortion should be safe and legal in this country." Now he is "prolife."
verifiable:Romney has changed his stand on abortion
verifiable:"Now, I also support the Bush tax cuts. Sen. McCain voted against them originally. He now believes they should be made permanent. I'm glad he agrees they should be made permanent."  
verifiable:McCain switched tax vote
verifiable:"But it was Hillary Clinton, in an interview with Tom Brokaw, who quote 'paid tribute' to Ronald Reagan's economic and foreign policy."
verifiable:He's right, but Clinton 'quote' isn't hers exactly
verifiable:Hillary Clinton wants to "wave the white flag of surrender and set a date for withdrawal."
verifiable:A white flag has a literal meaning, too.
verifiable:"I was pretty proud of being the only guy on the stage that ever had a job in the private sector."
verifiable:He should check their resumes
verifiable:"The 1990s were a time of prosperity. We created more than 22-million new jobs, moved 8-million people out of poverty, and turned our economy around."
verifiable:The 1990s? Good times
verifiable:"We have more coal reserves in the United States than they have oil reserves in Saudi Arabia."
verifiable:U.S. is Saudi Arabia of coal
verifiable:"The average American is working through the month of May just to pay off the government."
verifiable:It all depends what you consider average
verifiable:Says he was the only Republican candidate at a prior debate who said lower-income workers were being hurt by the economy.
verifiable:His recollections are way off
verifiable:"Bill Clinton's peace dividend . . . cut the military 25 and 30 percent."  
verifiable:The peace dividend began with a Bush
verifiable:"I won the majority of the Republican vote in both New Hampshire and South Carolina."
verifiable:When first means second
verifiable:"When the Fair Tax becomes law, it will be like waving a magic wand releasing us from pain and unfairness."
verifiable:Magic wands don't exist
verifiable:Barack Obama's church gave a lifetime achievement award to Louis Farrakhan. 
verifiable:Related magazine, not church, gave award
verifiable:Obama "remains silent" and "is never asked how he feels about his church honoring Farrakhan."
verifiable:Obama decried Farrakhan's racism
verifiable:"I was fighting against those (Republican) ideas when you were practicing law and representing your contributor, Rezko, in his slum landlord business in inner city Chicago."
verifiable:A fragment of truth, distorted
verifiable:"I know that Hillary on occasion has said — just last year said this (NAFTA) was a boon to the economy."
verifiable:No evidence she said that
verifiable:"While I was working on those streets watching those folks see their jobs shift overseas, you were a corporate lawyer sitting on the board at Wal-Mart."
verifiable:Hillary went the Wal-Mart way
verifiable:"If you are African-American in this country today, you are likely to have a net worth of about 10 percent of what white families have."
verifiable:Black and white family net worth disparity true
verifiable:The Bush administration has "the Pentagon trying to take away the signing bonuses when a soldier gets wounded and ends up in the hospital, something that I'm working with a Republican senator to try to make sure never can happen again."
verifiable:Her words are somewhat misleading
verifiable:Obama said that "since 1992, the Republicans have had all the good ideas..."
verifiable:Obama not a Reagan Democrat
verifiable:"He reformed welfare before others tried."
verifiable:What about Tommy Thompson?
verifiable:"And delivered more tax relief than the other Republicans combined."
verifiable:Hard to measure, but he's a tax cutter
verifiable:"I don't have lobbyists running my campaign."
verifiable:Campaign is ankle-deep in lobbyists
verifiable:"Barack (Obama) has one of his biggest supporters in terms of funding, the Exelon Corporation, which has spent millions of dollars trying to make Yucca Mountain the waste depository."
verifiable:Exelon staff supports Obama
verifiable:"And he's the only candidate who will fight for a national catastrophe fund to reduce insurance rates."
verifiable:Strong supporter? Yes. The only fan? No.
verifiable:Says McCain was a "Hanoi Hilton songbird" who collaborated with the enemy.
verifiable:No evidence McCain was a traitor
verifiable:Says he passed a bill to stop a military requirement that wounded soldiers pay for meals and phone calls.
verifiable:His bill was more narrow
verifiable:"Congress just passed another huge, pork-filled spending bill. The Democrats allowed less than a day to read all 3,400 pages and stuffed it with nearly 10,000 earmarks costing about $10-billion dollars."
verifiable:More in the $8-billion range
verifiable:"So that 2005 energy bill was a big step backwards on the path to clean, renewable energy.  That's why I voted against it."
verifiable:No, it was a boon to renewable fuel industry
verifiable:"I'm proud of the fact that I've raised more money from small donors than anybody else, and that we're getting $25, $50, $100 donations, and we've done very well doing it that way."
verifiable:Obama rakes it in from small donors
verifiable:"You know, Sen. McCain said the other day that we might have troops (in Iraq) for 100 years..."
verifiable:That's no typo, 100 years
verifiable:"I believe, Senator Clinton, you've raised more money from those people (the oil and gas industry) than any candidate, Democrat or Republican."
verifiable:Not as much as Republicans
verifiable:"I have never asked for nor received a single earmark or pork barrel project for my state."
verifiable:There are a few blips on the record
verifiable:"(My dad) used to campaign against the gas-guzzling dinosaurs."
verifiable:Dad was a dinosaur hunter
verifiable:"The fact is it's not amnesty."
verifiable:And it's no free ride
verifiable:Barack Obama "said in 2004 there was no difference between (Obama) and George Bush on the war." 
verifiable:Bill takes Obama out of context
verifiable:"I took on the worst road system in the country, according to Trucker's magazine. When I left, they said it was the most improved road system in the country."
verifiable:The roads are better - but still rank near the bottom
verifiable:"(Ronald Reagan) raised taxes a billion dollars in his first year as governor of California."
verifiable:Even the Gipper
verifiable:"I supported (the surge), I argued for it. I'm the only one on this stage that did."
verifiable:McCain led the charge, but he wasn't alone
verifiable:The church Barack Obama belongs to has a "nonnegotiable commitment to Africa."
verifiable:Church claims commitment as ethnic heritage
verifiable:The church Barack Obama belongs to only admits black people.
verifiable:Any race may join Chicago church
verifiable:Barack Obama's middle name is Mohammed and he's a "covert" Muslim.
verifiable:Not a Muslim; not Mohammed
verifiable:"We haven't built a refinery, I think, in 30 years."
verifiable:Capacity has increased
verifiable:Says Time magazine called him "one of America's best governors."
verifiable:Top 5, in fact
verifiable:"You've got a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 corporations. That's either the biggest building or the biggest tax scam on record."  
verifiable:Yes, but it's not illegal
verifiable:The Mormon religion has "a plan that will see the Constitution thrown out and replaced by a theocracy."
verifiable:No evidence to support conspiracy theory
verifiable:"There's not a major bill I know with Hillary's name on it."
verifiable:Clinton's work has been low profile
verifiable:"Mike Huckabee raised taxes on dog groomers!"
verifiable:Barking up the right tree
verifiable:"Barack Obama hasn't passed any (bills)."
verifiable:Obama sponsored a bill that became law
verifiable:"John doesn't have a record in the Senate. John's only passed four bills. They're all about post offices." 
verifiable:Edwards a significant player on several bills
verifiable:"There are 7,000 kids in New Hampshire who have health care because I helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program."
verifiable:Clinton promoted children's health care
verifiable:Barack Obama "wants the government to take over health care, spend hundreds of billions of dollars of new money for health insurance for everyone."
verifiable:Obama plan not a takeover
verifiable:As secretary of the Department of Energy under former President Bill Clinton, "I created reserves of home heating oil."
verifiable:He did as he was asked
verifiable:"You said you would vote against the Patriot Act, then you came to the Senate, you voted for it."
verifiable:He fought to improve it, then voted for it
verifiable:"Sen. Obama's chair in New Hampshire is a lobbyist. He lobbies for the drug companies."
verifiable:Lobbyists live in Obama's glass house
verifiable:"I supported the surge when you didn't."
verifiable:Romney supported it from the start
verifiable:"Ronald Reagan did amnesty."
verifiable:Yep. Reagan did the A-word
verifiable:"I don't describe your plan as amnesty in my ad. I don't call it amnesty."
verifiable:Amnesty, amnesty, amnesty, amnesty!
verifiable:"Bill Clinton cut the military drastically."
verifiable:He ignores bipartisan support for defense cuts
verifiable:"...some of those (tax increases) were either court-ordered, or they were voted on by the people and approved by the people for (such) things as roads."
verifiable:Voters supported the roads, not the tax
verifiable:"Sen. McCain says it was not a mistake to vote against the Bush tax cuts ... but now says the tax cuts need to be made permanent." 
verifiable:Yes, McCain switched
verifiable:"If you got rid of the income tax today you'd have about as much revenue as we had 10 years ago."
verifiable:It would be close to the same revenue
verifiable:"Average families are spending roughly $2,000 more a year on energy costs. ... It's like a $2,000 energy tax in just the last seven years, more than three times what the typical American family received from the Bush tax cuts."
verifiable:Her comparison is too selective
verifiable:"Mitt Romney says the next president doesn't need foreign policy experience."
verifiable:Romney never said those words, but came close
verifiable:"The fact of the matter is that my colleague from New York, Senator Clinton, there are 50 percent of the American public that say they're not going to vote for her."
verifiable:Polarizing, yes, but electable, too
verifiable:Biden was responsible for "ending genocide in Bosnia."
verifiable:He was one voice of many
verifiable:"He's a good man but he's a pro-life liberal. He's right on the pro-life part, but he's a liberal."
verifiable:The liberal label doesn't quite stick to Huckabee
verifiable:"Gas prices have never been higher, and Exxon Mobil's profits have never been higher."
verifiable:He's a year too late on this energy claim
verifiable:"McCain opposes repeal of the death tax."
verifiable:McCain wants to keep it on life support
verifiable:"I just talked about guns. I told you what my position was, and what I did as governor, the fact that I received the endorsement of the NRA."
verifiable:Even he admits it's not true
verifiable:   Former business partner Robert Gay says: "The man who helped save my daughter was Mitt Romney."  
verifiable:Romney did 'help save' teen
verifiable:Romney refused to pardon "a decorated soldier" returning from Iraq who had been charged with a crime involving a BB gun when he was 13.
verifiable:Romney refused to pardon soldier - and everyone else
verifiable:Huckabee "granted 1,033 pardons and commutations . . . more clemencies than the previous three governors combined."
verifiable:Yes, Huckabee pardoned many
verifiable:"I saw my father march with Martin Luther King."
verifiable:George Romney and MLK marched, but not together
verifiable:Says he has "the most impressive education record" of the Republican candidates.
verifiable:Not quite the best
verifiable:"As governor, Mike Huckabee supported higher income taxes, sales taxes, gas taxes, grocery taxes, tobacco taxes, beer taxes, Internet taxes, nursing home bed taxes."
verifiable:He supported tax hikes to balance budget
verifiable:"One out of every four homeless people on our streets is a veteran."
verifiable:Study quantifies homeless vets
verifiable:"Sixty-five percent of the Iraqi people now say it's okay to shoot an American soldier."
verifiable:He hypes the language, the numbers
verifiable:   When Obama was sworn into office, "he DID NOT use the Holy Bible, but instead the Kuran (Their equivalency to our Bible, but very different beliefs)."  
verifiable:Obama sworn in on his Bible
verifiable:   "Obama was enrolled in a Wahabi school in Jakarta. Wahabism is the RADICAL teaching that is followed by the Muslim terrorists who are now waging Jihad against the western world."  
verifiable:Obama attended an Indonesian public school
verifiable:"I can't sign money. That's illegal."
verifiable:If she's right, Bill's a criminal
verifiable:"I'm prolife. I'm not going to apologize for becoming prolife. Ronald Reagan followed that same course, as did Henry Hyde and George Herbert Walker Bush. And I'm proud to be prolife."
verifiable:Their shifts were less stark
verifiable:"It used to be the policy of the Republican Party to get rid of the Department of Education. We finally get in charge and a chance to do something, so we double the size of the Department of Education."
verifiable:So true, he's understating it
verifiable:"Iranian mullahs took American hostages and they held the American hostages for 444 days. ...The one hour in which they released them was the one hour in which Ronald Reagan was taking the Oath of Office …"
verifiable:Ad misleading about Iran hostage crisis
verifiable:" ... following World War II war crime trials were convened. The Japanese were tried and convicted and hung for war crimes committed against American POWs. Among those charges for which they were convicted was waterboarding."
verifiable:History supports McCain's stance on waterboarding
verifiable:"And, you know, our first president and our first commander in chief prayed every day. He had a field manual of prayers."
verifiable:Hunter perpetuates common myth
verifiable:"The estate tax, which came into being by Republicans like Teddy Roosevelt and others ... is there for a real simple reason: In America, we've never liked the idea of massive inherited wealth."
verifiable:Need, not wealth, prompted estate taxes
verifiable:"George Bush ... used a signing statement (on a FEMA bill) to say, 'I don't have to follow that, unless I choose to.' "
verifiable:Indeed, Bush did it his way
verifiable:"If we went back to the obesity rates that existed in 1980, that would save the Medicare system a trillion dollars."
verifiable:A trillion is too much
verifiable:"Productivity has risen 18 percent ...yet wages have stayed flat... There are 5-million more people in poverty here in our country than there were in 2000."
verifiable:The ugly truths
verifiable:"Thanks to President Bush's policies....The income gap is now higher than at any time since the Great Depression."  
verifiable:Can't blame Bush
verifiable:"We reduced abortion. We increased adoptions by 135 percent."
verifiable:Creative math by an abortion-rights mayor
verifiable:"Five percent of Americans pay over half the income taxes in this country. Forty percent of Americans pay no income taxes at all."
verifiable:Thompson's tax numbers add up
verifiable:"We've got some 37-million of our fellow citizens who are living in poverty; about 12-million or 13-million are children."
verifiable:Poverty numbers are right
verifiable:An anonymous e-mail says that Hillary Clinton advocates communism. 
verifiable:Hillary's no red menace
verifiable:"When Pakistan erupted in crisis, I spoke to Musharraf before Bush did."
verifiable:Yes, Biden spoke first 
verifiable:"For every single illegal immigrant family in this country, it costs $20,000 — it costs us $20,000; $20,000 in infrastructural costs. They pay about $10,000 in taxes."
verifiable:One cost of illegal immigration -- accuracy
verifiable:"He's (Romney) the one who said that he would be to the left of Teddy Kennedy on gay rights."
verifiable:He didn't say that, but he did shift to the left
verifiable:Mike Huckabee "supported taxpayer-funded scholarships for illegal aliens."
verifiable:Huckabee wanted scholarship open to all
verifiable:"This guy didn't even support Ronald Reagan."
verifiable:Hitting him where it hurts
verifiable:"A ham and cheese sandwich on one slice of bread is the responsibility of the USDA ... But a ham and cheese sandwich on two slices of bread is the responsibility of the Food and Drug Administration."
verifiable:A legitimate beef with ham sandwich regulations
verifiable:"The oddest thing is he doesn't want to do for America what he did for Massachusetts. He did mandate health care for Massachusetts, which is HillaryCare, and he doesn't want to do that for America."
verifiable:Romney wants a different prescription for the nation
verifiable:"Senator Obama's relatives and friends say he has been talking about running for president for at least the last 15 years," a campaign spokesman said.
verifiable:Ridiculous evidence -- but true
verifiable:   Huckabee supported "a tuition break to the children of illegals that are here illegally when citizens are having to pay a higher rate."  
verifiable:Romney glosses over in-state tuition details
verifiable:Romney said "'No' to in-state tuition" for illegal immigrants.
verifiable:Yes, Romney said no.
verifiable:"He was a member of the Iraq Study Group and was either fired or quit from a very important commission that was trying to figure out the way forward in Iraq."
verifiable:This attack is spot-on
verifiable:"I do provide universal health care."
verifiable:He says universal, but it's no guarantee
verifiable:MikeHuckabee.com gets "more hits than virtually any other presidential candidate."
verifiable:It's no MySpace, but it's hot
verifiable:Barack Obama's health care plan "would leave 15-million Americans out."
verifiable:15-million is okay guess, but not a fact
verifiable:"I spend a lot of time in Iowa, and believe it or not, in Ottumwa, Iowa, this is the heartland, the newspaper, the regular newspaper for Ottumwa, Iowa, is (a) bilingual newspaper."
verifiable:What about the daily English paper?
verifiable:   The Red Sox waited "87 long years" to win the World Series.  
verifiable:Flubbing a key number in Red Sox lore
verifiable:Supported in-state tuition in Arkansas for illegal immigrants "if you'd sat in our schools from the time you're 5 or 6 years old and you had become an A-plus student," among other things.  
verifiable:Tuition bill wasn't that strict
verifiable:"I get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel."  
verifiable:A military victory for Paul
verifiable:"I saved the taxpayers $2-billion on a bogus Air Force Boeing tanker deal where people went to jail."
verifiable:He uncovered a wasteful mess
verifiable:"No, I did not (have illegal immigrants working at his mansion)."
verifiable:Hired help haunts Romney
verifiable:"In the African-American community today, 68 percent of kids born are born out of wedlock."
verifiable:Astouding number, but it's right
verifiable:"The mayor said … 'if you happen to be in this country in an undocumented status . . . then we welcome you here.  We want you here.  We'll protect you here.' "
verifiable:Giuliani was welcoming to immigrants
verifiable:Romney failed to take action against "sanctuary cities" in Massachusetts.
verifiable:Right facts, but they don't prove Romney weak on immigration
verifiable:"Gov. Romney's own health care plan in Massachusetts ... requires by law that a representative from Planned Parenthood sit on the MassHealth advisory board."
verifiable:Facts don't always tell the truth
verifiable:"So what sort of services does Romney's health care plan provide? Per the state Web site: $50 co-pay for abortions."
verifiable:Indeed, abortions are covered
verifiable:"I'm proud to have had a 100 percent pro-life voting record."
verifiable:He's right on
verifiable:"Fred's never had a 100 percent record on right-to-life in his Senate career. The records reflect that. And he doesn't support the human life amendment, which is most amazing because that's been a part of the Republican platform since 1980."  
verifiable:The facts behind the numbers
verifiable:"I won the South Carolina primary in 2004, and I was way behind in the polls at this stage in 2004."
verifiable:Edwards mostly lagged in '03
verifiable:Obama says his health care plan is "universal."
verifiable:No mandate makes universal claim tough
verifiable:"Hillary's baby bond proposal would give $5,000 to each of the 4-million babies born in the U.S. each year, totaling $20-billion per year, multiplied by four years = $80-billion."
verifiable:RNC makes $80-billion baby bond boo-boo
verifiable:"The truth of the matter is that during my administration, the FBI's crime statistics show that violent crime was reduced in Massachusetts by 7 percent."
verifiable:Overall violence declined under Romney
verifiable:"If Sen. Hillary Clinton could enact all of her campaign proposals, taxpayers would be faced with financing more than $777.6-billion in new spending over one White House term."
verifiable:RNC number-crunchers crunch Hillary accurately
verifiable:Barack Obama's health care plan "would leave 15 million Americans out."  
verifiable:Obama's plan would leave out some, but nobody knows how many
verifiable:"Murder went up" when Romney was governor. "Robbery went up. Violent crimes went up."
verifiable:Murders went up, but all violence declined
verifiable:"People were hopeless. Sixty percent of the population, 70 percent of the population wanted to live somewhere else. . . . By the time I left, 70 percent wanted to stay."
verifiable:The frown was already turning upside down
verifiable:"I believe in tax cuts. I believe in being a supply-sider. I cut the income tax I think it was 24 percent. We got 42 percent more revenues."
verifiable:Update: Giuliani pushed city income tax cut
verifiable:"The $2.3-billion budget deficit I inherited when I came into office became a $2.9-billion surplus."
verifiable:Not if you count all the years 
verifiable:The form students fill out to get college financial aid is "longer than the form to get U.S. citizenship."
verifiable:Citizenship 110, Financial aid 102 
verifiable:"Americans spend 100-million hours a year filling out these forms (FAFSA). That is the equivalent of 55,500 full-time jobs."
verifiable:A lot of time, but the math is off
verifiable:"John wasn't this raging populist four years ago" when he ran for president.
verifiable:Edwards tagged 'populist' early on
verifiable:"America never made up for the gutting of the intelligence services that Bill Clinton did. I think those are (former CIA director George) Tenet's words ... that Bill Clinton gutted American intelligence."
verifiable:He's on point, but still off base
verifiable:"Right now, an employer has more of a chance of getting hit by lightning than be prosecuted for hiring an undocumented worker. That has to change."
verifiable:Lightning strikes, but not like the feds
verifiable:"Well, you know, the Teamsters wanted to drill in Alaska. I voted against drilling in Alaska. So it's not like I'm a slam dunk on every issue."
verifiable:Not quite lockstep with unions
verifiable:"Congress' approval rating is 11 percent. You know who's higher? Dick Cheney and HMOs."
verifiable:Congress and Cheney beat HMOs
verifiable:"Three out of the 18 benchmarks of the (GAO) have been fulfilled. Even among Republican math, that is a failing grade."
verifiable:Yep, 3 out of 18
verifiable:"When Sen. Edwards ran in 2004, he wasn't for universal health care. I'm glad he is now."
verifiable:Edwards was worried about cost
verifiable:"As governor of Arkansas, I cut taxes and fees almost 100 times, saving the taxpayers almost $380-million. I left a surplus of nearly $850-million."
verifiable:A nickel-and-dime defense 
verifiable:Huckabee "was one of the highest taxing governors that we had in this country and rivaling Bill Clinton in terms of the Cato ratings."  
verifiable:Yes, he raised taxes and scored low
verifiable:''The leading Democratic candidate once said that the unfettered free market is the most destructive force in modern America.''
verifiable:Distorting the view
verifiable:"All of the records, as far as I know, about what we did with health care, those are already available." 
verifiable:Not all records are available
verifiable:"My husband has not withheld a single document."
verifiable:Why withhold when you can delay?
verifiable:"Our children's safety is potentially at risk because nearly half of the apple juice consumed by our children comes from apples grown in China."
verifiable:Some bad apples 
verifiable:Obama "refused to not only put his hand on his heart during the Pledge of Allegiance, but refused to say the pledge."
verifiable:Photo was taken during anthem, not pledge
verifiable:"John McCain is right on that one. The line-item veto is the best tool the president has to rein in excessive spending."
verifiable:Budget pros aren't so sure
verifiable:"Mayor Giuliani's lawsuit killed the line-item veto."
verifiable:Mostly guilty of killing the line item veto.
verifiable:Edwards says if Congress won't pass universal health care, he'll tell Congress: "I'm going to use my power as president to take your health care away from you."
verifiable:Prez can't snatch Congress' health care
verifiable:Rudy Giuliani is "probably the most underqualified man since George Bush to seek the presidency." 
verifiable:Rudy has run the nation's largest city
verifiable:"There was a report that came out from the FBI – a warning, not a report ... saying that, in fact, al-Qaida was planning to attack malls during the Christmas holidays."
verifiable:'Tis the season to make a point – frightfully
verifiable:"Our tax code is so complicated it extracts $140 billion in extra tax preparation costs every year - one thousand dollars for every American family."  
verifiable:The high cost of paying taxes
verifiable:"I've got the most international experience here."
verifiable:Yes, he's got experience; but the most? 
verifiable:"Here's a man who brags about how he made the city safe. It was the Biden crime bill that became the Clinton crime bill that allowed him to do that."
verifiable:Trying to out-Rudy Rudy
verifiable:"She hasn't run a corner store. She hasn't run a state. She hasn't run a city. She has never run anything."
verifiable:Ignores her work in law firm, White House
verifiable:"In the 1990s, the Biden Crime Bill added 100,000 cops to America's streets. As a result, murder and violent crime rates went down eight years in a row."
verifiable:Call the exaggeration police
verifiable:"It's just outrageous that under President Bush, the National Institutes of Health have been basically decreased in funding." 
verifiable:NIH funding is up under Bush
verifiable:"The Alternative Minimum Tax was never intended to hit people in middle income, upper middle income. It was meant for people who are rich and evading taxes."
verifiable:Tax for the rich only, but not anymore
verifiable:"The Alternative Minimum Tax...was created by Congress in 1969 to affect 155 wealthy Americans. Because it was never indexed for inflation, those original 155 taxpayers has increased to affect about 3.5-million in 2006."  
verifiable:Adding up the AMT
verifiable:"I'm the only person on this stage who has worked actively just last year passing, along with Russ Feingold, some of the toughest ethics reform since Watergate."
verifiable:He had help
verifiable:"I had prostate cancer, five, six years ago. My chance of surviving prostate cancer, and thank God I was cured of it, in the United States, 82%. My chances of surviving prostate cancer in England, only 44% under socialized medicine."  
verifiable:Wrong numbers, off point
verifiable:Clinton has "raised the most money from Washington lobbyists ... from the health industry, drug companies, health insurance companies (and) the defense industry." 
verifiable:No. 1 in most categories 
verifiable:"More people in this country have seen UFOs than I think approve of George Bush's presidency."
verifiable:Bush beats aliens by 16 points
verifiable:"We had a No Child Left Behind — a similar piece of legislation in our state a number of years ago, well before the federal law. And it's had a big impact here. It's improved schools."
verifiable:Mass. schools did improve
verifiable:"Dodd brought both parties together to pass the Family and Medical Leave Act."
verifiable:Dodd was "bulldog" in passing bill
verifiable:Obama spokesman Bill Burton says Clinton gave Bush "a blank check on a critical foreign policy issue."
verifiable:Not quite a "blank check"
verifiable:Sen. Obama "made the very argument he is now criticizing back in November 2006."
verifiable:Cherry-picking Obama's quotes
verifiable:"Fifty-six percent decline in overall crime. A 73 percent decline in motor-vehicle theft. A 67 percent decline in robbery. A 66 percent decline in murder. This is way beyond what happened in the nation during this period of time.  
verifiable:He's got his numbers right
verifiable:"Going to public financing really disadvantages Democrats because you're not able to raise funds between the day you win the primaries and the time you're officially nominated."  
verifiable:It's not as risky as he says
verifiable:"I supported tort reform with regard to securities...product liability...interstate commerce." 
verifiable:A mixed record
verifiable:Thompson "voted against $250,000 caps on damages (and) almost anything that would make our legal system fairer."
verifiable:Update: Some truth, some stretching 
verifiable:"Mitt Romney opposed the gun lobby, even Ronald Reagan."
verifiable:Romney supported gun control in previous runs
verifiable:The signers of the Declaration of Independence were "brave people, most of whom, by the way, were clergymen."
verifiable:1 out of 56 equals 'most'? No, it doesn't
verifiable:"Fences have not worked. The Great Wall of China, the Berlin Wall. That's not good among peoples, especially friends like the United States and Mexico."
verifiable:Sometimes walls do work
verifiable:President Clinton "reduced the scale of our military dramatically."  
verifiable:Defense cuts had GOP support, too
verifiable:"The founders advised non-interventionism."
verifiable:Founders were wary of European alliances
verifiable:He received "A" ratings from "every conservative organization that gives ratings."
verifiable:Many, but not "every"
verifiable:"I brought down crime more than anyone in this country -- maybe in the history of this country -- while I was mayor of New York City." -   
verifiable:Updated: The turn-around started before Rudy did
verifiable:Clinton "refused repeated requests to meet with the Gold Star Mothers."
verifiable:She has met with them four times
verifiable:"The Clintons now charge the Secret Service $10,000 monthly rent for the use of (a) Secret Service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment."
verifiable:The Clintons don't receive money from Secret Service
verifiable:"Senator Clinton tried to spend $1 million on the Woodstock Concert Museum."
verifiable:Yes, Clinton played lead for Woodstock museum
verifiable: Nearly half of Hispanic voters in Arizona's last election supported four measures that were "very tough on illegal immigration."
verifiable: He's stretching the story
verifiable:"I've seen (life) from the factory floor when I was working the graveyard shift ...and I'd be ankle-deep in water at the Murray Ohio bicycle plant where I was running a machine that was so loud I couldn't hear myself yell if I wanted to."  
verifiable:Humble and, mostly, accurate
verifiable:Mitt Romney has "a pro-choice record."
verifiable:Pro-choice is his record, but not his position
verifiable:"First, he said he would leave residual forces in Iraq, and now he says he wouldn't."
verifiable:Richardson now opposes residual troops
verifiable:"First, he was in favor of my plan, now he's attacking it."
verifiable:Richardson first said it might work
verifiable:"First, he said he would take all of our troops out in six months, and now he acknowledges it would take a year."
verifiable:Richardson defaults to 'fast as possible'
verifiable:"What happens is people like Warren Buffett — and he says this himself...pay 15 percent on the millions of dollars that they earn from wealth income... while their secretary is paying a higher rate on her work income. It's not right."
verifiable:Rich man, low tax
verifiable:In 2006, Arizona had four ballot issues that were "very tough on illegal immigration... Forty-seven percent of the Hispanics in Arizona voted for them."  
verifiable:Well, he's right on one of the four
verifiable:Mitt Romney boasts that he is "proud to be the only major candidate for president to sign the tax pledge. The others have not."  
verifiable:Depends on the definition of 'major'
verifiable:"John Edwards never -- has ever from the beginning of his political career has never taken PAC money or the money of Washington lobbyists. Ever."  -Joe Trippi, senior campaign adviser
verifiable:Not really never, ever
verifiable:"With the resources it takes to execute just over three months of the Iraq war, we could fully fund the expansion of health care for needy children that Bush vetoed."
verifiable:Dodd off by $5 billion on guns and butter
verifiable:"This (SCHIP) is socialized medicine. It is going to go to families that make $60,000 a year. Those aren't poor children."
verifiable:Hunter SCHIP estimate on target
verifiable:"With one stroke of his pen, President Bush has denied health insurance to 3.8 million kids who were due to get it under this bipartisan expansion of the Children's Health Insurance Program."
verifiable:Biden right on SCHIP
verifiable:"Another one he should veto is the SCHIP program, which he should say 'Take the C out of, because now it's for everybody, like every other entitlement program.'"
verifiable:McCain trips on word "everybody"
verifiable:"We spent approximately $20-billion of that money on pork barrel, earmark projects. Maybe if we had done it right, maybe some of that money would have gone to inspect those bridges and other bridges across the country."
verifiable:Right on bridge repairs
verifiable:"Earmarked dollars have doubled just since 2000, and more than tripled in the last 10 years."
verifiable:Pork data is past its expiration date
verifiable:"We spent $223-million on a bridge in Alaska to an island with 50 people on it."
verifiable:Half-baked Alaska
verifiable:"She stood by our National Guard and Reserve and kept standing till they received health care they deserved."  
verifiable:There were 22 other co-sponsors 
verifiable: "Rural schools enroll 40 percent of American children, but receive only 22 percent of federal education funding."
verifiable:Not the funding gap he claims
verifiable:"She stood by ground zero workers who sacrificed their health after so many sacrificed their lives and kept standing till this administration took action."
verifiable:She's been active on issues for 9/11 workers
verifiable:"The Iraq Study Group reported that (Saddam Hussein) had designs on reviving his nuclear program."
verifiable:The Iraq Study Group didn't say that
verifiable:"A lot of people don't know that 50,000 Americans now make their living off eBay."
verifiable:Going, going ... probably wrong.
verifiable:"I cut taxes 23 times when I was mayor of New York City."
verifiable:Not by himself, he didn't
verifiable:"Hillary stood up for universal health care when almost no one else would, and kept standing till 6-million kids had coverage."  
verifiable:Standing up, but not alone 
verifiable:Rural schools "face the highest dropout rates, the lowest college enrollment rates, have the lowest average teacher salaries..."  
verifiable:He nails two stats, misses a third
verifiable:"Look, I believe in accountability. In 1983, I led the effort in Arkansas to improve our schools."
verifiable:No records, but there are witnesses
verifiable:"The reality is, with a $2 trillion-a-year health care budget, we're spending more on health care, nearly 17 percent of our gross domestic product, versus 3.8 percent of GDP on the entire military budget."
verifiable:Apples and oranges
verifiable:"I have not changed my position on the (gay) marriage amendment or anything else related to marriage."
verifiable:Consistent on gay marriage, not on amendment
verifiable:"I don't think that Rudy or Fred or John McCain support the marriage amendment."
verifiable:He's right that others have hedged 
verifiable:"I was the first presidential candidate to lay out a specific, truly universal health care plan."
verifiable:Edwards forgets Kucinich
verifiable:"McCain Trying to Have it Both Ways on Iraq"
verifiable:Or maybe Iraq isn't that simple
verifiable:"He's sued gun manufacturers. He was supportive of Brady. He was supportive of things like assault weapon bans."
verifiable:A correct account of past Giuliani positions
verifiable:"If we manufactured 5-million of these 2.5-meg windmills across the country, we could electrify the entire nation — the entire nation."
verifiable:Yes, in theory, but not in practice
verifiable:"It doesn't make sense to me to send $1-billion a day out of our  country. We can be energy independent and should be."  
verifiable:Difficult to go it alone on energy
verifiable:"With those first principles, it allowed a fellow like me to get in his truck and go from one end of the state to the other; started 20 points down and wound up 20 points ahead on election night."
verifiable:Driving his truck to victory
verifiable:"One man opposed a flawed strategy in Iraq. One man had the courage to call for change. One man didn't play politics with the truth."  
verifiable:He told you so! 
verifiable:"When I was mayor of New York City, I encouraged adoptions. Adoptions went up 65-70 percent. Abortions went down 16 percent."  
verifiable:That's one way to slice the numbers. There are others.
verifiable:"I opposed this war from the beginning. I opposed the war in 2002.  I opposed the war in 2003.  I opposed it in 2004 and 2005 and 2006."
verifiable:Obama has consistently opposed the war
verifiable:"There are 300,000 babies born deformed every year in this country because of women who are alcoholics while they're carrying those children to term."  
verifiable:Biden way off on alcohol-related birth defects
verifiable:"Today New Mexico (has) the sixth-fastest growing economy."  
verifiable:Not exactly, but close
verifiable:"Social Security ... is solid through about 2040 without any changes whatsoever."  
verifiable:Solid on Social Security
verifiable:"I'm probably one of the four or five best-known Americans in the world."
verifiable:Famous, but not that famous
verifiable:"Mayor Giuliani made New York City what's known as a 'sanctuary city,' where illegal aliens were allowed to come. And he instructed the leaders of the city not to enforce the law, not to enforce immigration law."
verifiable:A misleading account of NYC policy
verifiable:"Bill Richardson is the only major Democratic candidate with a plan to withdraw all American troops from Iraq. All of the other major Democratic candidates support leaving American troops in Iraq indefinitely."
verifiable:Richardson wants all troops out
verifiable:"Obama Skips Out On Condemning Left-Wing Attacks On Gen. Petraeus Despite Casting Other 'Important Votes' Earlier And Later In The Day."
verifiable:Maybe he had a lunch date?
verifiable:"The Republican governor who stood up and cut spending instead of raising taxes."
verifiable:Define "tax increase."
verifiable:Obama "won health care for 150,000 people."
verifiable:Making more families eligible, expanded coverage
verifiable:"And it's going to be difficult for us to do this as long as we're spending $275 million a day on a war that should have never been authorized..."
verifiable:Obama hits the moving target
verifiable:"21-million Americans could have a four-year college scholarship for the money we've squandered in Iraq. 7.6-million teachers could have been hired last year if we weren't squandering this money."  
verifiable:He's high, then he's low.
verifiable:"Sixty-one percent of our active military are currently listed as overweight."
verifiable:Putting a little too much weight in BMI
verifiable:Half of all personal bankruptcies in America "are caused by medical bills."
verifiable:A broad definition of "medical bills"
verifiable:Her health care plan will cost $110-billion in the first year, which can be paid for with savings.
verifiable:Optimistic math
verifiable:"Each year, 18,000 people die in America because they don't have health care."
verifiable:Indeed, uninsured people have higher mortality rate
verifiable:"What they will do is socialized medicine."
verifiable:Pure hyperbole
verifiable:"Took on the Olympics and turned them around"
verifiable:The effort was Olympic.
verifiable:"He has never voted for a federal restriction on gun ownership."
verifiable:A consistent supporter of gun rights
verifiable:"Congressman Paul introduces numerous pieces of substantive legislation each year, probably more than any single member of Congress."
verifiable:Lotsa bills, but not the most
verifiable:"Dr. Paul never votes for legislation unless the proposed measure is expressly authorized by the Constitution."
verifiable:A few exceptions to his small-government principles
verifiable:Health insurance premiums "have almost doubled ... since 2000."  
verifiable:Studies confirm premiums are up 98 percent
verifiable:"We're spending $1.6 billion for all of Latin America in terms of aid and assistance, a   fraction of what we're spending in Iraq, the $500 billion we've spent there"  
verifiable:Correct, although money not yet appropriated
verifiable:Poor people go to a "payday lender...and they pay 300, 400, 500 percent interest."
verifiable:On the money about loans
verifiable:"I'm pro-life. He's not."
verifiable:Romney now opposes abortion
verifiable:"I've cast a couple of 99-1 votes" and been the lone dissenter.
verifiable:Federalist Fred
verifiable:English "is our national language...if it becomes official, that means in a place like New York City you can't print ballots in any other language."
verifiable:Little impact from making English 'official' 
verifiable:"Our whole food system in this country...most of it is genetically engineered. And (there is) no testing for the health consequences of this food."  
verifiable:Biotech foods less widespread and better tested than Kucinich says
verifiable:Guantanamo detainees "get taxpayer-paid-for prayer rugs…they had honey-glazed chicken and rice pilaf."  
verifiable:Yes, chicken and rice on the menu
verifiable:"In New York, when she ran for reelection, she carried 58 of our 62 counties. George Bush had won 40 counties in New York just two years earlier."
verifiable:But N.Y. numbers may not be meaningful elsewhere
verifiable: \u201CThirty-four percent of Hispanics don\u2019t have any health care at all, don\u2019t have any health insurance.\u201D
verifiable: Indeed, Hispanics have highest percentage
verifiable:"In every single country, she had a majority of the vote -- or more of those who'd already made up their minds."
verifiable:Hillary is famous in Europe
verifiable:"Iowa, for good reason, for constitutional reasons, for reasons related to the Lord, should be the first caucus and primary."
verifiable:Richardson re-writes Bible, Constitution
verifiable:"About 40 percent of Hispanic homeowners have subprime mortgages."
verifiable:Black and Hispanic homeowners have more subprimes
verifiable:"Joe Biden is the only candidate with a plan to get us out of Iraq and keep us out."
verifiable:First with details, but it's not the "only" plan
verifiable:"During his tenure in Washington and in the Illinois State Senate, Barack Obama has accumulated a record of bipartisan success."
verifiable:His record on bipartisanship is split
verifiable:"We've lost over 5,000 Americans over there in Afghanistan, in Iraq, and plus the civilians killed."  
verifiable:Fatality count isn't that high 
verifiable:"Sen. Obama worked on some of the deepest issues we had and was successful in a bipartisan way."
verifiable:He worked with Republicans in Illinois
verifiable:"Congress only funded half the wall" between Mexico and the United States.
verifiable:Remainder of money in pipeline
verifiable:"When NAFTA was passed, there was an acceleration of immigration from Mexico because people were  in search of jobs."
verifiable:NAFTA not a big factor in increase
verifiable:"John Kerry was at 4 percent in the polls in December of 2003...and he ended up becoming the nominee of the party."  
verifiable:Cherry-picked numbers don't tell full story
verifiable:"I would love to see us have in this country what I helped lead in Arkansas...Amendment 65 (which) says that we believe life begins at conception, and that we ought to do everything in the world possible to protect it until its natural conclusion."
verifiable:He exaggerates effects of constitutional amendment
verifiable:In countries that allow gay marriage, the rates of heterosexual marriage "have plummeted to where you have counties now in northern Europe where 80 percent of the first-born children are born out of wedlock."
verifiable:Marriage rates declined before same-sex unions legalized 
verifiable:"At least Obama didn't marry his cousin," as Giuliani did. 
verifiable:Giuliani's first wife was his second cousin
verifiable:"The Z-visa that was offered in that Senate bill let everybody who's here illegally, other than criminals, stay here for the rest of their lives."
verifiable:Z-visas have many requirements
verifiable:"Thirty-four percent of Hispanics don't have any health care at all, don't have any health insurance."
verifiable:Indeed, Hispanics have highest percentage
verifiable:"Senator McCain voted against the Bush tax cuts. Now he's for them."
verifiable:McCain switched on tax cuts
verifiable:If African-Americans vote their percentage of the population in 2008, "Mississippi is suddenly a Democratic state."
verifiable:By itself, black voter increase does not flip Mississippi — or the South
verifiable:"Currently, we're at 36 percent of our children born out of wedlock."
verifiable:He's got the right number
verifiable:"I built that border fence in San Diego...and it reduced the smuggling of people and drugs...by 90 percent."
verifiable:His numbers are right, but actual impact of fence unclear
verifiable:"The failings in our civil service are encouraged by a system that makes it very difficult to fire someone even for gross misconduct."
verifiable:You can fire federal workers, but it's tough
verifiable:"The crime decline in the United States would be fairly small if it wasn't for the crime decline in New York City."  
verifiable:Sorry, New York is not that big
verifiable:Sen. Clinton said "the surge of troops in Iraq was 'working.' Now.... Sen. Clinton says the surge 'has failed' and that we should 'begin the immediate withdrawal of U.S. troops.'"
verifiable:McCain picks and chooses in attack on Clinton
verifiable: "Bill Richardson passed the first law in the nation giving National Guard soldiers $400,000 in life insurance."
verifiable:First, but with caveats
verifiable:"In 1972, we had a 179,000 human beings in jail in this country. Today, it's 2.3-million, and 70 percent of them are black, African-American."   
verifiable:He's off, way off on who's in prison
verifiable:"In state after state, polls make clear that the American public understands the Kelo ruling is a disaster."
verifiable:The ruling was unpopular, but some polls unreliable 
verifiable:We live in "a time of historically low violent crime rates and historically high gun ownership rates nationally." 
verifiable:Researchers split about whether guns reduce crime
verifiable:"I'm the first person who really took up the issue of the war. Four years ago I said that there was no proof that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, and, actually... did an analysis which disproved the cause for the war."  
verifiable:Kucinich opposed the war early, but first?
verifiable:"You know we can't just pull out now... The truth of the matter is: If we started today, it would take one year, one year to get 160,000 troops physically out of Iraq, logistically."
verifiable:Biden right: No fast way out.
verifiable:"The president is brain-dead."
verifiable:Irresponsible claim (and wrong medical diagnosis)
verifiable:"(McCain) was opposed to ethanol. Now he's for it."
verifiable:McCain has come around to favor ethanol
verifiable:An estimated 56 million Americans don't have bank accounts.
verifiable:Correct, but he uses the most sensational estimate
verifiable:"(McCain) said he was opposed to overturning Roe v. Wade. Now he's for overturning Roe v. Wade." 
verifiable:McCain has been pretty consistent on Roe v. Wade
verifiable:Barack Obama supported keeping troops in Iraq, but now he wants a "precipitous withdrawal" regardless of "conditions on the ground" or "consequences of a defeat for the United States," an RNC radio ad.
verifiable:Obama urges withdrawal, but allows for national interest concerns.
verifiable:Hillary Clinton was against setting a deadline for withdrawal, but now she wants a "precipitous withdrawal" regardless of "conditions on the ground" or "consequences of a defeat for the United States," an RNC radio ad.
verifiable:Clinton has avoided setting a withdrawal deadline
verifiable:"Let's pay attention to kids who are not going to college, which ends up being about 60 percent of the kids... and get them trained for the jobs that are there. Because, you know, there are auto mechanic jobs paying $50,000, $60,000 that they can't get filled. There are airline mechanic jobs paying a lot of money that can't get filled." Remarks at AFSCME forum 6/19/2007   
verifiable:There are plenty of jobs available for trained automobile and airline technicians, but Clinton overestimates how much they pay.
verifiable:"... study after study has shown that the death penalty deters murders."
verifiable:Thompson ignores contrary death penalty research
verifiable:"He's leading by example, refusing contributions from PACs and Washington lobbyists."
verifiable:If it quacks like a lobbyist, it's a lobbyist
verifiable:"Roadside bombs are responsible for 70 percent of casualties in Iraq and these new mine-resistant vehicles can reduce those casualties by two-thirds."
verifiable:New trucks are safer, but how much?
verifiable:"Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have changed their positions (on the Iraq war withdrawal) to follow Chris Dodd."
verifiable:Iraq claim questionable
verifiable:"I'll tell you what I can tell this country: If they want a president who doesn't believe in God, there's probably plenty of choices."
verifiable:There are no atheist candidates.
verifiable:"Democrats are kind of falling over each other seeing who can raise taxes faster. It looks like they're going to raise taxes anywhere between 20 to 30 percent."  
verifiable:Playing fast and loose with numbers
verifiable:"I used tax cuts to help create over 80,000 jobs in New Mexico."
verifiable:Richardson takes credit for new jobs
verifiable:"Corporate profits are up, CEO pay is up, but average wages of Americans are flat."
verifiable:An accurate summary of economic stats
verifiable:"I'm for a three-state political solution in Iraq. (Romney) is not."
verifiable:A fair account of Romney's position
verifiable:"If we increase fuel efficiency standards to 40, 45 miles a gallon, we would have to import zero oil from the Middle East."
verifiable:Accurate, but exploits misconception and uses unrealistic scenario
verifiable:"Both China and Japan have surpassed us, with Japanese cars now getting an average of 45 miles to the gallon."
verifiable:Technically correct, but uses unrealistic numbers
verifiable:New Mexico moved "up to" sixth in the nation in job growth.
verifiable:Yes, but note the fine print
verifiable:"For every single scientist that tells you (global warming is) happening and that it's our fault...I can stack up another group of reports that say just the opposite."  
verifiable:Most scientists say humans cause warming
verifiable:"We now have the greatest income inequality since the Great Depression."
verifiable:Economists find large income gap
verifiable:"New Mexico was 46th in teacher pay (when he was elected), now we're 29th."  
verifiable:Correct, but stats came from friendly group 
verifiable:"Tommy Thompson is the father of welfare reform, creating the groundbreaking Wisconsin Works program in Wisconsin that became the model for national and international reforms."  
verifiable:Thompson was a leader in welfare reform
verifiable:"Tommy Thompson created the first school choice program in the nation, giving thousands of Milwaukee students the choice of where they go to school – no matter where they live or how much money their parents make."
verifiable:He was credited as a "tinkerer"
